# News Bulletin

*As of **2024-02-10 09:34:57** *

TODO

## Source News

...

# Ukrainian-born Miss Japan relinquishes crown following alleged affair

*2024-02-07 13:24:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/international/Ukrainian-born-Miss-Japan-relinquishes-crown-following-alleged-affair/107-276515)

Feb 7 (CNN) - The Ukrainian-born beauty queen who sparked a debate on cultural identity by being named Miss Japan has relinquished her title just two weeks after being crowned.

Karolina Shiino, the first person of predominantly European heritage ever to win the Miss Nippon contest (which takes its title from the country’s Japanese name), announced her decision to step down on Monday following local newspaper allegations of an affair with a married man.

In a statement posted to Instagram, the 26-year-old model apologized to the man’s family and those involved. She also announced that she was parting ways with her talent agency, writing: “I am truly sorry for causing a lot of trouble for many people and betraying those who have supported me.”

Organizers of the event meanwhile released a statement saying that Shiino had “requested to withdraw from the contest due to personal reasons.” Kaoru Wada, chair of the Miss Nippon Association, added that the 2024 title will remain “vacant.”

Despite being a naturalized citizen who speaks fluent Japanese and has lived in the country since she was 5 years old, Shiino’s pageant victory proved controversial, with some critics questioning whether someone without Japanese ethnicity could encapsulate the country’s beauty ideals.

“I wanted to be recognized as a Japanese person,” Shiino told CNN in Tokyo following her win last month. “I kept being told that I’m not Japanese, but I am absolutely Japanese, so I entered Miss Japan genuinely believing in myself. I was really happy to be recognized like this.”

The decision to pick a winner with European heritage prompted debate on social media, raising questions about what it means to be Japanese and the impact of Western beauty ideals in Asia.

“If the Miss Nippon contest is based on the concept of beauty, I personally wish that it would be based on standards of Japanese beauty,” historian Hiroe Yamashita wrote on X following Shiino’s victory. “But With Karolina Shiino’s appearance, an (ethnically) Japanese girl has no chance of winning under the modern values of beauty.”

Recounting to CNN the difficulties she faced growing up in Japan — an ethnically homogeneous country with comparatively low levels of immigration — Shiino called for a broader definition of who should be considered Japanese. “After all, we live in an era of diversity — where diversity is needed,” she said at the time.

...

# ICFS hosts admission event for Germany and Netherlands universities

*2024-02-07 13:23:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/ICFS-hosts-admission-event-for-Germany-and-Netherlands-universities/108-276514)

Colombo, Feb 07 (Daily Mirror) - An admission event for students aspiring to pursue higher education in universities in Germany and the Netherlands will take place on Saturday (10) at the International Center for Foreign Studies (ICFS).

ICFS said that many countries have opened their doors for international students in 2024 due to recent immigration policy changes and new strategies introduced by Australia and the United Kingdom.

Accordingly, the event featuring universities from Germany and the Netherlands will be held on February 10 at ICFS Education Center in Nugegoda, from 10:00 am to 5:00 pm.

Both countries' universities offer numerous scholarship opportunities to qualifying applicants. Representatives from IC University Amsterdam, Wittenborg University, University of Europe for Applied Sciences, International University of Applied Sciences, and GISMA Business School will be present at the event and candidates can secure one-on-one counseling sessions with these representatives, the ICFS said.

...

# Yukthiya Nets 785 Suspects in 24 Hours

*2024-02-07 13:11:00*

[newsfirstlk](https://www.newsfirst.lk/2024/02/07/yukthiya-nets-785-suspects-in-24-hours/)

COLOMBO (News 1st); Sri Lankan authorities announced the arrest of 785 suspects in a 24-hour nationwide operation dubbed "Operation Yukthiya" targeting drug offenses and individuals on criminal watchlists.

The operation, conducted across the island, resulted in the arrest of 596 suspects related to drug offenses and 189 individuals on criminal watchlists.

Police confiscated a significant amount of illegal drugs, including 128 grams of heroin, 115 grams of ice, 8 kilograms of ganja, 626 grams of other narcotics, and 34 drug pills.

Civil society organisations condemn draconian laws; withdraw from Open Government Partnership

Cops Suspended After Suspects Fall Ill While in Custody at Woulfendhal Station

Electricity Bills In Sri Lanka; Highest In South Asia – Verité Research

...

# Navy Upgrades Sanitation at Medawachchiya Schools

*2024-02-07 12:55:00*

[newsfirstlk](https://www.newsfirst.lk/2024/02/07/navy-upgrades-sanitation-at-medawachchiya-schools/)

COLOMBO (News 1st); Driven by a US domiciled philanthropist's financial support, the Sri Lanka Navy's North Central Command enhanced sanitary facilities at three Medawachchiya schools: Puleliya Vidyalaya, Thulawelliya Vidyalaya, and Ginikatuwewa Vidyalaya Rambewa. Declared open on February 5th, the project tackled a longstanding need and was praised by school staff and community.

Through this initiative, the Navy successfully addressed a longstanding requirement for the children attending those schools.

Meanwhile, the Navy's initiatives, aimed at creating conducive environments for children to excel in their educational pursuits, received commendation from school principals and teachers.

Commanding Officer SLNS Pandukabhaya, Captain MAL Perera, naval personnel from the North Central Naval Command, the Principals and teaching staffs of the schools and school children were present on the occasions where these facilities were declared open.

Cops Suspended After Suspects Fall Ill While in Custody at Woulfendhal Station

Electricity Bills In Sri Lanka; Highest In South Asia – Verité Research

...

# Sri Lankan court releases six Indian fishermen

*2024-02-07 12:49:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Sri-Lankan-court-releases-six-Indian-fishermen/108-276513)

Colombo, Feb 07 -  A Sri Lankan court on Tuesday released six Indian fishermen who were arrested on Jan 22 on charges of poaching in the territorial waters of the island nation.

The released fishermen were handed over to the Indian consulate general office in Jaffna.

Isaac, 47, Sisarian, 43, Samathana Babu, 38, Easter Arockiadas, 34, Nishanthan, 34, and Murugesan sailed from the Rameswaram fishing jetty on two boats.

The fishermen were booked for trespassing, poaching and using banned fishing nets in Sri Lankan waters. They were produced before the Sri Lankan court at Oorkavalthurai and remanded in judicial custody till Feb 6.

When they were produced before the court on Tuesday, judge ordered their release on the condition that they should not enter Sri Lankan waters failing which they would be imprisoned. The judge ordered nationalisation of their fishing crafts and the fishing gear.

Meanwhile, Rameswaram fishermen went on strike on Monday after 23 fishermen were arrested by the Sri Lankan navy on Feb 3. They demanded that the Tamil Nadu government and the Centre secure the release of 23 fishermen and 150 boats in Sri Lankan custody.

...

# Several SJBers walk out of Parliament while another group remains

*2024-02-07 12:33:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Several-SJBers-walk-out-of-Parliament-while-another-group-remains/108-276511)

Parliament, Feb.7(Daily Mirror)- Indicating that there is a division within the party, a group of SJB MPs walked out of the chamber when President Ranil Wickremesinghe began his speech, while some remained.

A group of MPs led by Leader of the Opposition Sajith Premadasa and Chief Opposition Whip Lakshman Kiriella walked out while MPs Sarath Fonseka, Rajitha Senaratne, Ishaq Rahman etc. remained at the time the President began his speech.

...

# Stock market’s daily turnover exceeds Rs. 11bn after single transaction

*2024-02-07 12:13:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97077/stock-markets-daily-turnover-exceeds-rs-11bn-after-single-transaction)

The daily turnover of the Colombo Stock Exchange (CSE) has crossed Rs. 11 billion this morning (Feb. 07).

As per stock market figures, this was mainly due to a single transaction of 61.9 million shares in John Keells Holdings PLC.

...

# Sri Lankan court releases six Indian fishermen

*2024-02-07 11:46:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97076/sri-lankan-court-releases-six-indian-fishermen)

A Sri Lankan court on Tuesday released six Indian fishermen who were arrested on Jan 22 on charges of poaching in the territorial waters of the island nation.

The released fishermen were handed over to the Indian consulate general office in Jaffna.

Isaac, 47, Sisarian, 43, Samathana Babu, 38, Easter Arockiadas, 34, Nishanthan, 34, and Murugesan sailed from the Rameswaram fishing jetty on two boats.

The fishermen were booked for trespassing, poaching and using banned fishing nets in Sri Lankan waters. They were produced before the Sri Lankan court at Oorkavalthurai and remanded in judicial custody till Feb 6.

When they were produced before the court on Tuesday, judge ordered their release on the condition that they should not enter Sri Lankan waters failing which they would be imprisoned. The judge ordered nationalisation of their fishing crafts and the fishing gear.

Meanwhile, Rameswaram fishermen went on strike on Monday after 23 fishermen were arrested by the Sri Lankan navy on Feb 3. They demanded that the Tamil Nadu government and the Centre secure the release of 23 fishermen and 150 boats in Sri Lankan custody.

...

# Self-proclaimed ‘Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva’ granted bail, referred to psychiatric treatment

*2024-02-07 11:37:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97075/self-proclaimed-avalokiteshvara-bodhisattva-granted-bail-referred-to-psychiatric-treatment)

Mahinda Kodituwakku, the self-proclaimed ‘Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva’ has been granted bail on the orders of Colombo Fort Magistrate’s Court.

When the case was called today, Magistrate Thilina Gamage ordered the release of Kodituwakku on two personal bails of Rs. 1 million each, as he suffers from a mental disorder.

Accordingly, the accused was instructed to attend the psychiatric clinic at the National Institute of Mental Health in Mulleriyawa, every Monday.

Kodituwakku was arrested by the CID on Jan.15, on charges of committing irreligious activities that are contrary to Buddhist teachings and put behind bars on remand until today (Feb.07).

During previous court proceedings, the forensic psychiatrist told the magistrate that the suspect required psychiatric treatment.

Earlier this month, the president of Buddhist Information Centre, Ven. Agulugalle Sri Jinananda Thero had filed a complaint with the CID alleging that Kodituwakku has been misleading the Buddhist community.

Alleging that Kodituwakku has been misleading the Buddhist community, Jinananda Thero claimed that he was directly involved with the recently deceased preacher named Ruwan Prasanna Gunaratna, who had promoted ‘mass suicide’ through his distorted teachings and later died by suicide.

Meanwhile, Ven. Balangoda Kassapa Thero, addressing a media briefing, had claimed that this self-proclaimed ‘Bodhisattva’ had sexually abused his own daughter before leaving his house while calling it ‘Abinishkramanaya’ (Great Departure).

...

# Sri Lanka Aims for Six-Month Debt Fix; US$3 Billion Annual Payment Looms

*2024-02-07 11:32:00*

[newsfirstlk](https://www.newsfirst.lk/2024/02/07/sri-lanka-aims-for-six-month-debt-fix-us-3-billion-annual-payment-looms/)

COLOMBO (News 1st); Sri Lankan President Ranil Wickremesinghe in his policy statement to parliament on Wednesday (7), outlined a six-month timeline for completing a comprehensive debt restructuring plan, highlighting its importance for economic recovery while acknowledging the significant challenges ahead.

"Throughout the past, concerted efforts have been made to formulate a strategic plan for repaying this debt. The domestic debt restructuring plan has been successfully executed as the first step, and a policy agreement for restructuring has been reached with foreign creditors as the second step. Negotiations with private creditors are presently in progress. Anticipated in the initial six months of this year, the intricate restructuring plan is poised to form the foundational framework for restoring our economy to normalcy," explained Wickremesinghe.

He expressed confidence in finalizing a comprehensive restructuring plan within the first six months of 2024, paving the way for economic normalcy.

President Wickremesinghe noted that by September 2023 Sri Lanka's total debt burden was US $ 91 billion, and it will take a considerable period of time to settle this debt.

"In order to meet our debt, we need to source the funds locally. It is imperative that we generate this income; otherwise, we risk falling into the debt trap once again," said the President.

"As a result of debt restructuring, we will be able to reduce the annual payment. Nevertheless, even under such a situation we will still have to pay around US$ 03 billion per year. We cannot continue to be paying in this manner. We need to create a balance between our income and expenditure. Our budget deficit is at an acute stage. This year government revenue stood at Rs. 4,127 billion and expenditure was Rs. 6,978 billion. Out of this Rs. 2,651 billion is for debt repayment. This clearly indicates our debt burden," he further elaborated in parliament.

Cops Suspended After Suspects Fall Ill While in Custody at Woulfendhal Station

Electricity Bills In Sri Lanka; Highest In South Asia – Verité Research

...