# #SriLanka :sri_lanka: News Bulletin

<div id="news_lk_bulletin">

*Updated* **2024-07-04 20:05:09**

1. 💧 18-hour water cut in several areas from 9.00 pm today due to urgent repairs on a transmission pipeline. #WaterCut #SriLanka
2. 💸 Ceylon Sathosa reduces prices of three essential commodities effective today. #PriceDrop #Sathosa
3. 🗳️ UK voters head to the polls in an election expected to bring back the Labor Party to power after 14 years. #UKelections #LabourParty
4. 💧 12-hour water cut today in Kolonnawa and Kaduwela Municipal Council areas and Kotikawatta-Mulleriyawa Pradeshiya Sabha area due to emergency maintenance at Ambatale Water Treatment Plant. #WaterCut
5. 🏥 Customs strike will affect SMEs mostly: JAAFSL, SLSC #CustomsStrike #SMEs
6. 🎬 Actor Shri Kant's 'Maya Book' to be released worldwide on July 19. #MayaBook #ShriKant
7. 👰 Actress Varalakshmi-Nikolai wedding reception in Chennai, with Tamil Nadu Chief Minister MK Stalin attending. #WeddingReception #VaralakshmiNikolai
8. 💰 Debt-related compliance reached with international bailouts reflects efficient economic and regime reorganizations: Finance Minister Shehan Semasinghe. #DebtCompliance #SriLanka
9. 🇯🇵 Sri Lanka urges Japan to invest in infrastructure and IT for economic revival. #Investment #SriLankaJapan
10. 🏥 Navaloka Hospital in Sri Lanka successfully performs 500 kidney transplants. #KidneyTransplants #NavalokaHospital

</div>

[Previous](data) Bulletins

## Methodology

This bulletin has been autogenerated by MistralAI's [mistral-large-latest](https://mistral.ai/news/mistral-large/) model, with the following [prompt](src/news_lk_bulletin/core/NewsBulletin.py):

*Aggregate these news articles into 10 bullets of information that will be practically useful to ordinary Sri Lankan citizens. EXCLUDE opinions, advertisements and political messages. ANNOTATE with emojis.*

## Source News

Based on **129** News Articles, from the last **18** hours.

# Tonight Tonight 9.00 am to 8 hours of water cut

*2024-07-04 19:27:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187703)

The National Water Supply and Drainage Board said the water cut would be implemented from 9 pm to 18 pm on Thursday, 04.

Accordingly, water supply will be disrupted for 18 hours for the Kolonnawa Municipal Border, Kaduwela Municipal Border, Mulleriya and Kotikawatte Pradeshiya Sabha areas.

The water cut will be implemented from 9 pm to 04 pm on Friday, 04 pm.

It is noteworthy that the situation was due to the emergency maintenance of the water pipe supply from the Ambathale Water Plant.



# President's term of office - a five-member Supreme Court Bench

*2024-07-04 19:22:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198489)

An entrepreneur is CD. The fundamental rights judge has been named to consider the fundamental rights petition filed by Mr. Levy.

It is currently planning to issue a prevention of the presidential election to issue a prevention of the presidential election until the end of the president's term of office.

The petition is due to be considered before the panel of judges.



# Compliance with international bailouts

*2024-07-04 19:17:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187702)

Finance Minister Shehan Semasinghe has said that the debt -related compliance reached with international bailouts can be considered as a reflection of the efficient economic and regime reorganizations carried out by the government in accordance with the global accepted principles.

A compromise on debt restructuring has been reached between Sri Lanka and the International Bailor Group in accordance with the International Monetary Fund's conditions on debt stability.

...



# Foreign Minister Sabry urges Japan to invest in infrastructure and IT

*2024-07-04 19:06:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100293/foreign-minister-sabry-urges-japan-to-invest-in-infrastructure-and-it)

Sri Lanka, strengthened by the recent agreement reached with international creditors for the restructuring of 5,6 billion dollars of debt, urges Japan to make further investments in the country, contributing to the revival of the Sri Lankan economy and guaranteeing Colombo a further point of diplomatic reference as well as India and China.

Sri Lankan Foreign Minister Ali Sabry declared this in an interview with the Japanese newspaper “Nikkei”.

...



# Annamalai at the funeral

*2024-07-04 19:05:48*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/ஐயாவின்-இறுதி-நிகழ்வில்-அண்ணாமலை/175-339875)

The final events of the Tamil National Alliance (TNA) leader and Member of Parliament, R. Sampanthan, will be held in Trincomalee on Sunday (07).

Parliamentarian Sivagnanam Sreedharan has said that he has confirmed by telephone that the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader Annamalai will attend his final tribute events.

Meanwhile, Tamil Nadu Chief Minister MK Stalin said that despite the possibility of attending the final tribute, Sreedharan added that it has not yet been confirmed.



# Cesarean surgery rises to 50 percent in Sri Lanka

*2024-07-04 18:07:32*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/මෙරට-සාමාන්‍ය-දරු-උපත්-පහළට-සිසේරියන්-සැත්කම්-සියයට-50-කින්-ඉහළට/11-410614)

Providing pathetic to the people of the country with immediate solutions in the district level with immediate solutions to the country's hospitals with the main objective of the Government of Sri Lanka and the Central Government of the Central Government.Dr. Ramesh Pathirana, Minister of Health and Industry Dr. Ramesh Pathirana has launched a special program.

Dr. Ramesh Pathirana, Minister of Health and Industry, Dr. Ramesh Pathirana was conducting a special inspection tournament in Kegalle, Kegalle, Kegalle and Rajegoda district.That is done.

...



# SECS reduces three types of goods

*2024-07-04 17:59:56*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/සතොස-භාණ්ඩ-වර්ග-තුනක-මිල-අඩු-කරයි/11-410613)

Ceylon Sathosa has been reduced to the price of a three essential commodities and the reduced new prices will be implemented today (4).

The price of a kilo of potatoes imported from China has been reduced by Rs. 215.

The price of a kilo of red dhal has been reduced by Rs. 282 is Rs. 282.

The price of a kilo of white sugar has been reduced by Rs. 269.



# People vote in the UK

*2024-07-04 17:45:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187698)

People in the United Kingdom are voting in elections expected to bring back the Labor Party to power after 14 years.

Researchers say that people want to end the confusion of the confusion of the Kenzavertive Party, which have been ruled by five prime ministers in eight years.

Labor leader Kair Starmer said in a statement on Thursday that Britain could start a new chapter today.

Head political leaders, including Prime Minister Risi Sunac, have voted in the morning.. Unexpectedly calling for the election in advance, Rizisunac has abandoned his opinion on the seizure of the regime for the fifth time.

...



# 18 hours of water cut from 9 pm

*2024-07-04 17:21:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198487)

The National Water Supply and Drainage Board says that a 12-hour water cut will take place today (04).

Accordingly, the water supply of water cut in Kolonnawa Municipal Council area, the Kaduwela Municipal Council, Mulleriyawa and Kotikawatta Pradeshiya Sabha areas

The water cuts will be held from 9pm to 3 pm today (04).

This has been due to an emergency maintenance in the Ambatale Water Treatment Plant.



# 18-hour water cut in several areas

*2024-07-04 17:18:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100292/18-hour-water-cut-in-several-areas)

The National Water Supply and Drainage Board (NWS&DB) announced that an 18-hour water cut will be imposed from 9.00 p.m. today (4) in several areas due to urgent repairs on a transmission pipeline.

Accordingly, the Water Board said that the water supply to Kolonnawa Urban Council and Kaduwela Municipal Council areas and the Kotikawatta-Mulleriyawa Pradeshiya Sabha area will be interrupted from 9.00 p.m. today to 3.00 p.m. tomorrow (05).

...



# Sri Lanka Customs strike will affect SMEs mostly: JAAFSL, SLSC

*2024-07-04 17:15:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-customs-strike-will-affect-smes-mostly-jaafsl-slsc-170931/)

ECONOMYNEXT – The Sri Lanka Shippers’ Council (SLSC) and the apparel sector have said the Sri Lanka Customs strike, which has now been called off, would have an impact on the SME sector.

“The cargo that is stuck is mainly LCL cargo [less than a container load] and that will affect the SMEs,” Secretary General of the Joint Apparel Association Forum Sri Lanka (JAAFSL) Yohan Lawrence told reporters on Thursday.

“The factories that get hit first are the small SME factories,” he said speaking on the impact of the Sri Lanka Customs strike on local consumers, at a forum organised by the Ceylon Chamber of Commerce in Colombo.

...



# Actor Shri Kant's upcoming date of the release of 'Maya Book'

*2024-07-04 17:12:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187696)

The film crew has released a special photo of the film 'Maya Book' starring the hero of the actor Sri Kant.

Sri Kant, Ashok, Princess, 'Adukalam' Narain, Aparnathi, Lokesh, K.. S.. G. Venkatesh and many others have acted.

Ravi Vijay Anand has composed the film, which has been recorded by Arumugam.. Produced by Vinod Jain.

The film crew has officially announced the release date of the film, which has been completed and waiting for the release of all the tasks. The film will be released worldwide on the 19th of this month.

...



# Actress Varalakshmi- Nikolai Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu participating in the wedding reception

*2024-07-04 17:11:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187692)

Varalakshmi, daughter of actor and politician Sarathkumar in Chennai - businessman Nikolai wedding reception. Ka. Stalin congratulated the bride on the role.

Actress Varalakshmi Sarathkumar, who made her debut as a star in the film 'Boda Bodi', has become a star actress in South Indian languages ​​including Tamil, Telugu, Malayalam and Kannada due to her unique acting skills.. He and Mumbai -based businessman Nikolai had a wedding engagement with the consent of the two men.

...



# Reduce the prices of 3 goods

*2024-07-04 17:07:47*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/3-பொருட்களின்-விலைகள்-குறைப்பு/175-339870)

Sathosa has announced that the prices of three essential commodities have been reduced and the new prices will come into effect on Thursday (4).

Accordingly, the price of a kilogram of potatoes imported from China has been reduced by 15 rupees, a kilogram of red pulses is 14 rupees and a kilogram of white chin.

The new price of a kilogram of potatoes is 215 rupees, the new price of red pulses is 282 rupees and the new price of a kilogram of white chin is 269 rupees.



# 1700 rupees salary affair;High Court restriction on gazette notification

*2024-07-04 17:06:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187693)

Plantation workers' salary of Rs.. An interim injunction has been issued to implement the Gazette Notification issued to increase to 1,700.

The special gazette notification was issued on May 21, 2024, which confirmed that the minimum salary of plantation workers had been increased to Rs 1,700.

According to the special announcement, the base of the plantation workers is Rs.. 1,350. As of 350, the total daily salary of Rs.. 1,700 has been increased.

It also includes a daily budget concessionary allowance and. This amount in paying the allowances entered (Rs.. 1,350) It is worth noting that it should be taken in consideration.



# Sri Lanka rupee closes weaker at 304.60/80 to US dollar

*2024-07-04 17:01:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-rupee-closes-weaker-at-304-60-80-to-us-dollar-170927/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka’s rupee closed weaker at 304.60/80 to the US dollar on Thursday, down from 304.20/50 to the US dollar on Wednesday, dealers said, while bond yields were broadly steady.

A bond maturing on 15.12.2026 closed stable at 10.70/85 percent.

A bond maturing on 15.09.2029 closed at 11.95/12.05 percent, down from 12.00/10 percent.

A bond maturing on 01.10.2032 closed at 12.15/25 percent. (Colombo/Jul4/2024)



# Sri Lanka stocks close down, foreign inflows account for 50-pct of turnover

*2024-07-04 16:54:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-stocks-close-down-foreign-inflows-account-for-50-pct-of-turnover-170914/)

ECONOMYNEXT – The Colombo Stock Exchange closed down on Thursday, data on its site showed.

The broader All Share Index closed down 0.92 percent, or 110.55 points, at 11,926; while the more liquid S&P SL20 Index closed down 1.08 percent, or 38.39 points, at 3,505.

Turnover was 1.9 million. A large part of this was from foreign buying. There was a net foreign inflow of 972 million.

...



# 'Jama' is ready for the art of streetcar

*2024-07-04 16:42:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187684)

The film crew has said that the film 'Jama', which plays the hero of the story of debutant Barry Ilavalakan, talks about the street art and the life of artists who play the role of a female.

Barry Ilavalakan, Ammu Abirami, Chetan, Sri Krishna Dayal, K.. V.. My. Manimegale, 'Kala' Kumar, Vasant Marimuthu, Siva Maran and many others have been cast. The film, which has been recorded by Gopala Krishna, has composed the music of 'Music Gnani'.

Sai Devanand has produced the film 'Pullangal', which is a realistic work that focuses on the life of folk artists.

...



# Vijay Sethupathi, who is on the list of star stars 'Selvan'

*2024-07-04 16:42:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187686)

'Maharaja' starring Vijay Sethupathi in Tamil, Telugu and Malayalam. Vijay Sethupathi is the list of Tamil cinema's collections of star actors.

Actor Vijay Sethupathi, who made his debut with the film 'Southwest Monsoon', has acted as the hero of the story in the films 'Sudu Kaavam' and 'Sudu Kaavum'.. Since then, he has maintained his star status in a number of films as the hero and the hero of the story.

Through the film 'Vikram Veda', he established himself as an indispensable actor of Tamil cinema. He then shone as the hero of 'Chekachu Red Sky', 'Beta', 'Master', 'Vikram' and 'Jawan'.

...



# Stay order issued on Gazette increasing daily wage of plantation workers

*2024-07-04 16:41:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100291/stay-order-issued-on-gazette-increasing-daily-wage-of-plantation-workers)

The Supreme Court today issued an interim injunction order preventing the implementation of the Gazette notification issued by the Labour Minister increasing the daily wage of the plantation employee to Rs. 1,700.

The Supreme Court issued this order while allowing the hearing of an appeal petition filed by plantation companies including Agarapathana Plantations Ltd, against the relevant Gazette imposing a minimum wage for plantation workers.

The order was issued by a three-member Supreme Court bench consisting of Justices Gamini Amarasekara, Kumuduni Wickramasinghe and Janak de Silva.

...



# Interim order to the gazette of estate wage

*2024-07-04 16:35:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198486)

The Supreme Court has issued an interim order from preventing the implementation of the gazette notification issued by the Labora's Assalysis by increasing the estate workers' salaries.

The Supreme Court has issued the Supreme Court in charge of permission to hear a petition filed by Agarian Plantation and the plantation companies against increasing the salaries.



# Customs' strike abandoned

*2024-07-04 16:30:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187688)

The Customs Union Federation has decided to immediately suspend the trade union action initiated by the Health Holidays report following a discussion with Finance Minister Ranjith Siyambalapitiya.



# 500 kidney transplants successfully performed at Navaloka Hospital

*2024-07-04 16:28:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187674)

The Navaloka Hospital Group in Sri Lanka's leading health service has recently announced that 500 kidney surgeries have been successfully completed.. In kidney surgery, this may be a person's life -saving surgery. A healthy kidney, which is donated from a alive or dead person, is fitted with surgery for a patient who does not function properly.

...



# Lori accident sent to hospital including six school children

*2024-07-04 16:20:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198485)

A group of people traveled at Nugawela School Junction while attempting to reverse a lorry direction in Kandy.

Four students, two students, two women, and a man were injured in the accident.

The driver of the lorry has been arrested and the Aladeniya Police are conducting further investigations.



# Inbow, infrated of uneducated milk

*2024-07-04 16:02:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198484)

After the milk was brought to the hospital due to milk border, the relevant hospital was reported to be taken to another hospital due to the lack of handing over the bulk.

It was reported that the infant was taken to the Matara District New Hospital.

The deceased was the elder infant of the two twin children, two and 27 days 27 days 27 days 27 days in Matara.

The child has provided milk during yesterday (03).

The infant had been taken to the Matara District New Hospital in the Kotawila area in Matara.

...



# ‘I’m running’, Biden says, as pressure to drop out grows

*2024-07-04 15:43:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100290/im-running-biden-says-as-pressure-to-drop-out-grows)

US President Joe Biden worked to calm senior Democrats and staff on his campaign on Wednesday, as reports suggested he was weighing his future after his disastrous debate with Donald Trump last week.

Mr Biden held a closed-door lunch with Vice-President Kamala Harris at the White House as speculation mounted over whether she would replace him as the party’s candidate in November’s election.

...



# Galle The Galle

*2024-07-04 15:36:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198483)

A few lands and roads in Galle have been flooded due to the heavy rains of the heavy rains that fall from last night.

Traffic was interrupted due to watering the Galle Police in front of the Galle Police in front of the Galle Police.

Traffic was disrupted due to watering from Galle - Baddegama main road in Galle and Beligaha, Kahaduwa and Kahaduwa.

Due to this rain, inferior areas have been flooded in water.



# Sri Lanka’s Cable Solutions IPO offers 80mn voting shares

*2024-07-04 15:35:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lankas-cable-solutions-ipo-offers-80mn-voting-shares-170900/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka cable manufacturer Cable Solutions Limited will make an initial public offering of ordinary voting shares to be listed on the Diri Savi Board of the Colombo Stock Exchange.

The subsidiary of the ACL Group will offer 80,786,600 ordinary voting shares at 7.50 rupees a share, through a combination of an offer for subscription of 14,666,600 new ordinary voting shares and an offer for sale of 66,120,000 existing ordinary voting shares.

Cable Solutions aims to raise 109,999,500 rupees from the public through a subscription offer for 14,666,600 shares, the company said in a statement.

...



# State Bank Employees Demonstration in Nuwara Eliya

*2024-07-04 15:26:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187675)

In Nuwara Eliya, state bank employees united and launched a protest demonstration demanding salary increases.

The identification demonstration was held in front of the Nuwara Eliya main post office on Thursday (04).

In the midst of the economic crisis of our country, the state bank employees have been able to get a salary of tax burden, carry out all the concessions like other civil servants, and raise the salary of state banks.

The protesters said that if the government listens to the demands of bank employees, there would be massive protests across the country.



# Sri Lanka opposition parties maintained notable lead in opinion survey for May

*2024-07-04 15:22:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-opposition-parties-maintained-notable-lead-in-opinion-survey-for-may-170899/)

ECONOMYNEXT — Opposition parties the Samagi Jana Balawegaya (SJB) and National People’s Power (NPP) maintained a strong lead in a Sri Lanka parliamentary election voting-intent poll for May conducted by an independent research institute.

The Sri Lanka Opinion Tracker Survey (SLOTS) carried out by the Institute for Health Policy (IHP) found little changes in voting intention amongst all adults surveyed in May 2024. Support for the SJB remained unchanged at 34 percent while support for the NPP dipped by 1 percentage point to 34 percent as well.

...



# 8 years after the currency trapped in the bronchi ..!

*2024-07-04 15:03:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187672)

A 40 -year -old man has been admitted to the Sir Sundarlal Hospital of Banaras Hindu University in Varanasi, Uttar Pradesh, India.

The doctors who examined him found that 25 percent of the bronchi was trapped. Subsequently, on the 2nd, with cardio -thoracic surgery, they have successfully removed the currency in the bronchi.

The victim swallowed it when the person was 32 years old when she slept with the coin in his mouth. Because of that he has occasionally suffocated. He went to the hospital last week to increase breathing.

...



# We have the winning candidate: Prasanna

*2024-07-04 15:01:36*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/வெற்றி-வேட்பாளர்-எங்களிடம்-இருக்கிறார்-பிரசன்ன/175-339867)

The bark party is a populist party. Prasanna Ranatunga, the chief organizer of the ruling party, has said that the leader of the country, Mahinda Rajapaksa, who will coordinate the country, will tell the country timely.

We have a winning candidate. We are the success page. He said, "I am the candidate of the bud," he said.

Minister Prasanna Ranatunga, who attended a public meeting held on Thursday (4) in Minuwangoda, Gampaha.. Minister Prasanna Ranatunga said:

...



# Hayas vehicle

*2024-07-04 14:52:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187671)

There was an incident where a vehicle crashed when a Hayas vehicle was involved in a carriage.

A Hayas vehicle, which was abducted by the Mullaitivu Pudukkudiyiruppu police division, has been hit by a high -quality student who was riding a bicycle on Tuesday (02) at Paradhan Road

It has been found that the Hayasraha vehicle has been illegally transported by trees. 9 stagnant saplings found in the vehicle. Investigations by the police revealed that it was the trees smuggled from Pudukkudiyiruppu to Jaffna.

...



# Warm welcome to world champions

*2024-07-04 14:48:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198482)

The World Championship Bhameha Sharma arrived at New Delhi this morning (04).

World Champions Indian team then met Indian Prime Minister Nare Modika.

Mumbai Fuddling of India is to commemorate the World Cup victory.

The 2024 Twenty20 World Cup in the West Indies and the West Indies were defeated by India.

But due to the suspension of flights and bad weather faced due to the borrowing weather, the world champion was suspended for about 3 days to stay in his country.

A special flight of Air India reached Barbudos yesterday this morning at Indira Gandhi, Indira Gandhi, Delhi at about 6 am this morning.

...



# The government will hold elections according to the Constitution: Handing over the country to Ranil - Minister Prasanna Ranatunga

*2024-07-04 14:45:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187668)

The chief organizer of the ruling party Prasanna Ranatunga has said that there is no need to postpone the presidential election or any other election.

The minister stressed that the government would hold elections in accordance with the constitution, even if the opposition parties that were not backing the election were talking about the postponement of the election.

Minister Prasanna Ranatunga, who was present at a public meeting held in Minuwangoda, Gampaha, today (4).

...



# Sri Lanka Tamil National Party's flag

*2024-07-04 14:36:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187669)

Senior Leader of the Sri Lanka Tamil National Alliance (TNA) and Trincomalee District Parliamentarian Amara Rajayavarodayam Sambandan's body has been placed in Jaffna.

The plane from Colombo was brought to the Jaffna International Airport and then placed on the Mattin Road, the headquarters of the Sri Lanka Tamil National Party (TNA).. There, the leader of the Sri Lanka Tamil National Party, Mawai Senathirasa, wore a party flag and paid floral tributes.

Senior members of the party, political leaders, political leaders, public and public paid tribute to Father Selva's Gallery.



# Customs strike suspended

*2024-07-04 14:35:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198481)

The Sri Lanka Customs Trade Union has decided to suspend strike.

The money was after a discussion with State Minister Ranjith Siyambalapitiya.



# Custom officers call off trade union action

*2024-07-04 14:23:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100289/custom-officers-call-off-trade-union-action)

Sri Lanka Customs trade unions have decided to call off their trade union action following discussions with the State Minister of Finance Ranjith Siyambalapitiya.

The trade unions including the Customs Officers’ Union had decided to engage in trade union action by reporting ‘sick leave’ today (4) and tomorrow (5), in protest over the lack of a satisfactory response to their demands from the authorities.

...



# Shoolegner arrested for murder

*2024-07-04 14:14:26*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/PHI-මහත්තයා-ඝාතනයට-සැකකාර-වෙඩික්කරු-අත්අඩංගුවට/11-410612)

Police say that the shooter who was suspected to be held in Mount Lavinia was arrested in Mount Lavinia with two firearms to assassinate Treasurer Roshas of the Sri Lanka Public Health Inspectors Association.

Mr. Rosha Kumara had shot dead on the morning of February 26 and fled the motorcycle.



# EXPLAINER: FR petition to prevent calling presidential poll in Sri Lanka

*2024-07-04 13:38:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/explainer-fr-petition-to-prevent-calling-presidential-poll-in-sri-lanka-170864/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka’s President Ranil Wickremesinghe has said that neither he nor his lawyers were consulted when a businessman on Wednesday filed a fundamental rights (FR) petition in the Supreme Court asking for an interpretation on the tenure of the presidency as per the island nation’s constitution.

...



# Woman death in Jaffna

*2024-07-04 13:36:00*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/யாழில்-குளவி-கொட்டியதில்-பெண்-மரணம்/175-339863)

The woman was admitted to the Tellippalai Hospital for treatment after the wasp shed, but she died there, police said.

Gunasekaram Varadasiramani, a 67 -year -old woman from Chettikurichi, has died.

The woman was wasps when she was cutting palm tiles in a land near her home.



# Wickremesinghe disavows Supreme Court case seeking verdict on Sri Lanka president’s term

*2024-07-04 13:35:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/wickremesinghe-disavows-supreme-court-case-seeking-verdict-on-sri-lanka-presidents-term-170865/)

ECONOMYNEXT — Sri Lanka President Ranil Wickremesinghe has said he believes the president’s term is five years, expressing his support for holding the presidential election in 2024 and disavowing a case filed in the Supreme Court seeking a verdict stating that a president’s term is six years.

...



# China minister discusses cooperation with Customs, increasing exports

*2024-07-04 13:34:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/china-minister-discusses-cooperation-with-customs-increasing-exports-170850/)

ECONOMYNEXT – China’s Vice Minister of General Administration of Customs Wang Lingjun has met Sri Lankan officials to discuss cooperation with Sri Lanka Customs and the export of agricultural crops.

“We noted China’s readiness to cooperate with the Sri Lanka Customs Department in developing enhanced security and cooperation measures,” State Minister of Finance Shehan Semasinghe said on X (twitter) after meeting Lingjun at the Sri Lanka Customs Headquarters in Colombo.

...



# JR's grandson joined the United People's Power!

*2024-07-04 13:21:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187663)

Pradeep Jayawardena, the grandson of President JR Jayawardene, has joined the United People's Power in order to support the political journey of Opposition Leader Sajith Premadasa.

Opposition Leader Sajith Premadasa has appointed Pradeep Jayawardene, who joined the United People's Power as the United People's Power Gampaha District Organizer.

He has served as the organizer of the Sri Lanka Freedom Party (SLFP) Colombo Eastern Election constituency and a member of the Central Committee.

...



# Farmers dies after lightning

*2024-07-04 13:14:14*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/අකුණුසැර-වැදීමෙන්-ගොවි-මහතෙකු-මියයයි/11-410611)

Athimale police said that a farmer who was working on the paddy field belonging to the Etimamale Police Division was killed in lightning yesterday morning.

The deceased has been identified as AM Premaratne (50), a father of four residents.

He has been working with three more and caused him under a tree near the Kumbura.

He had fallen to lightning and died on the road to the Etimala Divisional Hospital.

Fellows have not been damaged in danger. The Etimala police are conducting further investigations.



# Support for Sri Lanka president grew in May but remained far behind rivals: poll

*2024-07-04 13:12:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/support-for-sri-lanka-president-grew-in-may-but-remained-far-behind-rivals-poll-170849/)

ECONOMYNEXT — Support for President Ranil Wickremesinghe increased to 15 percent in May, though support for his two main rivals remained significantly higher at just under 40 percent for each in an independent voting-intent survey.

...



# Gunman in killing of PHI in Elpitiya arrested

*2024-07-04 13:08:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100287/gunman-in-killing-of-phi-in-elpitiya-arrested)

Police stated that the gunman involved in the killing of a Public Health Inspector (PHI) in Elpitiya in February this year was arrested by police along with the weapon he had allegedly used to commit the murder.

The suspect was arrested with two firearms in the Mount Lavinia area, police said.

Roshan Kumara Vithanage, who had been serving as the Public Health Inspector for the Karandeniya area, had been shot dead by a gunman who had arrived at his residence in Pathiraja Mawatha, Elpitiya on a motorcycle along with another suspect on February 26.

The investigators later found CCTV footage showing two suspects fleeing on a motorcycle.

...



# Yall. People pay tribute to Sampanthan's funeral

*2024-07-04 13:02:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187649)

The late Sri Lanka Tamil National Party (TNA) leader and Trincomalee district parliamentarian Rajavarothayam Sambandan was taken by plane from Colombo to Jaffna on Thursday (04).

Sampanthan's funeral was taken to Jaffna Palali Airport at the headquarters of the Tamil National Party in Jaffna.

It has been announced that the people will be able to pay tribute to the father of Sampanthan, who later disappeared from 10.00 am to 4.00 pm on Thursday (04) at the Father Selva Memorial in Jaffna.



# Increase in problems caused by creams that whiten skin

*2024-07-04 12:59:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187655)

Health officials said the number of people suffering from kidney disease has increased over the number of cancer cases due to the use of skin white creams.

Dr. Indira Kahawita, a dermatologist at the National Hospital, who attended a media briefing held at the Health Development Bureau on Wednesday.

A joint program has been launched to eliminate the use of mercury in creams that whitewash the face of the World Health Organization and the Ministry of Health of Sri Lanka.The purpose of this project is to completely eliminate the use of mercury.

...



# Koo shuts down in India

*2024-07-04 12:59:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198479)

According to the network of the network of Koo, India's network, as an alternative to the network, millions of Indians have embarrassed the network.

The founders of that social media station say that they made the decision as they had to spend too much money and expenditure on technology.

Koo launched in 2020.  භාෂා 10කින් පණිවුඩ හුවමාරුකර ගැනීමට හැකියාව තිබේ.

After a controversy in 2021, several government ministers were tempted to use the KOO network after a controversy between the Indian government and X.

By 2021, about 20 million koo tool have been downloaded.



# 25 injured in lorry-bus collision on Chilaw-Colombo road

*2024-07-04 12:54:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100286/25-injured-in-lorry-bus-collision-on-chilaw-colombo-road)

At least twenty-five persons were left injured after an SLTB bus collided with lorry transporting cement in the Galahitiyawa area of Madampe on the Chilaw-Colombo main road this morning (4).

The individuals injured in the accident have been admitted to the District General Hospital of Chilaw.

According to hospital sources, several injured passengers are in critical condition.

The accident occurred this morning as an SLTB bus travelling from Devala Junction to Colombo via Chilaw colliding with a lorry transporting cement travelling in the same direction from Puttalam to Colombo, due to the bus driver failing to control its speed.

...



# Talawa Police OIC beaten

*2024-07-04 12:52:15*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/තලාව-පොලිස්-ස්ථානාධිපති-ඇතුලු-නිළධාරීන්-පිරිසකට-පහරදීල/11-410610)

The OIC of the Thalawa Police Station has been arrested by the Talawa Police Station, the OIC of the Talawa Sumudagama area under the operation of the Talawa.

Talawa Police OIC Chief Inspector LMMK Bid Obey has been assaulted by a pause at the left hand of his hand.Talawa Hospital, police inspector and three police constables receives counsecular.

Two female suspects and two men were trained in the Middle Thalawa Regional Hospital Ward 02 and Ward 03 of the Middle Talawa Ward 03.

...



# Three arrested for abuse of a child

*2024-07-04 12:44:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198478)

Scheme was conducted at the Ambalangoda Ataindadalpola this morning (04).

Three suspects have been arrested in connection with the abuse of a schoolchildren at the operation.

In addition, five warrants were arrested in the operation.



# Today's currency exchange rate

*2024-07-04 12:34:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187657)

Today (July 04), the US purchasing price of the US dollar was recorded at Rs 299.6873 and the sales price at Rs 308.9221, based on the Central Bank's currency exchange rate.



# Child abuser seizes robes

*2024-07-04 12:31:47*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/ළමා-අපයෝජකයා-සිවුරු-දරා-සිටියදී-අල්ලයි/11-410609)

Headquarters Police said that the suspect had been arrested as two younger sexually abuse and was arrested as a monk of the suspect in a sacred monk.

The suspect was arrested and arrested two-year-old rates from the age of 14 and 16 years of resident of Nikaweratiya police division.

The suspect is tacticled, according to information that the suspect is a member of a sacred area, police said.

Investigations have revealed that the suspect had been a school guard in Nikaweratiya Police Division and a tuition class teacher.

The suspect is a 48 year old age to be produced before the Nikaweratiya Magistrate's Court.



# Not to quit the presidential election - Baidon confirmed

*2024-07-04 12:31:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187656)

US President Joe Bidan, who refused to accept the appeal to the presidential election, said he would continue the election.

Joe Bidan made this statement during a meeting with the governors of the Democratic Party.

Joe Bidan said he would not quit the competition, sources in this regard.

His propaganda team said that Joe Bidan said he would remain in the election match until the end.

Responding to the question of whether President Jobitan is thinking of quitting the election, the White House media secretary has said that there is certainly not.

...



# Showers over 50mm

*2024-07-04 12:25:55*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/හෙට-මිලි-මීටර්-50-ඉක්ම-වූ-වැසි/11-410608)

Showers will occur at times in the Western, Sabaragamuwa and North Western provinces, in Kandy, Nuwara Eliya, Galle and Matara districts.

MM in the Western, Sabaragamuwa provinces and in Galle and Matara districts. The department is expected to experience more than 50 times.

Showers or thundershowers will occur at several places in the Ampara and Ampara and Batticaloa Districts, or even nights.



# Custom officers launch ‘sick leave’ trade union action

*2024-07-04 12:21:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100285/-custom-officers-launch-sick-leave-trade-union-action)

The Customs Officers’ Union says they have decided to engage in trade union action by reporting ‘sick leave’ today (4) and tomorrow (5), in protest over the lack of a satisfactory response to their demands from the authorities.

A member of the union’s executive committee, Tharaka Kumarasinghe stated that the union’s members are engaging in this trade union action to protest against the authorities’ arbitrary decision to introduce the Sri Lanka Revenue Authority (SLRA) Bill and make amendments to various sections of the Customs Ordinance.

...



# The results of 70 students were released in Zahira

*2024-07-04 12:01:59*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/ஸாஹிராவில்-70-மாணவிகளின்-பெறுபேறுகள்-வெளியாகின/175-339858)

The results of the GCE Advanced Level Examination of 70 students of the Zahira College, Trincomalee, were released on Wednesday (3).

The high quality results of the Zahira College, Trincomalee have been suspended by the Department of Examinations.

Governor Senthil Thondaman, who accepted the demands of the students, had discussed with the Department of Examinations on their issues and took steps to release their results.



# Labour predicted to rout Sunak’s Conservatives as Britain goes to polls

*2024-07-04 11:58:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100284/labour-predicted-to-rout-sunaks-conservatives-as-britain-goes-to-polls)

Britain looks set to elect Labour Party leader Keir Starmer as its next prime minister when voters go to the polls on Thursday, sweeping Rishi Sunak’s Conservatives out of office after 14 often turbulent years.

Opinion polls put Starmer’s centre-left party on course for a landslide victory as voters turn their backs on the Conservatives following a period of infighting and turmoil that led to five prime ministers in eight years.

...



# Sri Lanka bondholder deal: hair cuts, coupons, GDP-link, too much or too little?

*2024-07-04 11:57:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-bondholder-deal-haircuts-and-implications-examined-170833/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka has reached a deal with bondholders involving hair cuts of 28 percent on bonds and 11 percent on interest arrears with the principal on some securities called macro-linked bonds to 15 percent if GDP grows at higher speeds.

Sri Lanka could exchange 12.550 billion dollars of bonds into new instruments with a hair cut of 28 percent or 9.036 billion dollars maturing from 2029 to 2038. Two bond tranches maturing in 2034 and 2035 would be standard bonds with a coupon. Some of its could be made into bonds where improving governance would lead to a fall in coupons.

...



# PHI murder suspect arrested

*2024-07-04 11:52:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198477)

The person who was suspected of the shooter who wanted to kill a Public Health Inspector at Pathiraja Mawatha was arrested.

Police said that the man was arrested in Mount Lavinia with two firearms.

Treasurer Roshara of the Sri Lanka Public Health Inspectors Association was shot dead on the 26th of February.

Investigators also found a CCTV footage in a motorcycle with a motorcycle.



# Why should British Tamils ​​vote for the Liberal Democrats?Party candidate Bobby Dean Description

*2024-07-04 11:48:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187651)

Liberal Democrats have appealed to the Kenzavertiv parties against Savendra Silva, the chief of the Sri Lankan security forces, and against him, the Liberal Democrats have called for the Liberal Democrats to impose obstacles.

Liberal Democratic Party leader Etvevi has long supported the Tamil community. Under his leadership, Kenzhartis under his leadership has urged the Liberal Democratic Party to recognize the crimes committed against the Tamil people as genocide and to hold the crimes in court.

He said we cannot stop the quest for justice - it is very good.

...



# 35 people injured in a massive accident

*2024-07-04 11:44:52*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/பாரிய-விபத்தில்-35-பேர்-படுகாயம்/175-339857)

A bus belonging to the Chilaw Depot and a lorry carrying a cement -carrying lorry collided head -on, 35 people were injured and admitted to the hospital, Madambai police said.



# The Attorney General's opposition to Hirunika's request?

*2024-07-04 11:38:15*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/ஹிருணிகாவின்-கோரிக்கைக்கு-சட்டமா-அதிபர்-எதிர்ப்பு/175-339856)

The Attorney General today (04) announced in the Colombo High Court that he will file objections for the release of former parliamentarian Hirunika Premachandra, who has been sentenced to three years' rigorous imprisonment.

The bail request was considered today in the presence of Colombo High Court Judge Amal Ranarajah.

There, the Attorney General, who said the Attorney General was expecting to submit objections to the request, demanded that it be postponed to file objections.

Accordingly, the High Court judge, who allowed the Attorney General to submit objections, ordered the bail request to be taken up for hearing again on the 11th.



# Driver's grief survivors survive

*2024-07-04 11:20:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198476)

A luxury bus collided with a luxury bus in the Ravana Fallen on the Ella-Wellawaya main road.

The bus carrying with passengers from Badulla to Makumbura today (04) has been brake at all over the precipice.

The driver of the bus has been parked by the driver of the bus, which understood the largest danger.

Otherwise, the bus could have fell into a great danger.

Due to the accident, the bus driver was injured and rushed to the Badulla hospital and the Ella Police Station is conducting further investigations into the accident.



# Madampe is a terrible bus - a lorry accident

*2024-07-04 11:18:08*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/මාදම්පේ-බිහිසුණු-බස්---ලොරි-අනතුරක්/11-410607)

It is reported that a horrific injury belonging to the Chilaw depot in Madampe was reportedly confronted with a lorry.

According to hospital sources, about 35 people were injured in the accident and the condition of several people is serious.

The SLTB bus traveling from the temples from Moneragala to Colombo this morning (04) was not able to control Colombo from Puttalam to Colombo to Colombo.



# I'm not going - bidain

*2024-07-04 11:13:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198475)

The Democratic Parties have been severely disturbed by President Bidesman in the television debate between US President Joe Biday and former President Donald Trump.

The majority of the majority of the majority of the people are clearly involved in it.

Therefore, there is a variety that the President's election should be submitted from the Democratic Party.

The foreign media reports that a bidon discussed with top members of the party.

The President has said that he was present at the Presidential election.

...



# Several fatal accidents - 5 dead

*2024-07-04 11:09:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198474)

Five people have been killed in the accidents that occurred in several parts of the island yesterday.

Mullaiththivi police division, Mullaitivu, a car traveled by a car traveled from the Mullaitivu Nedunkendi, towards the Nedun and Road.

The injured girl has been admitted to the Munchangala Hospital.

The deceased has been identified as 9 year old Mamula, Mulliyadi area.

Meanwhile, a motorcycle driven by Kehella's junction from Kehellaka in the Kandahawa police division, a motorcycle was killed in a crash accident.

The victim was a 19 year old resident of Katuwellagama.

...



# Presidential election: President's position!The government focused on the petition on an interim order for the election

*2024-07-04 11:07:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187642)

The government has focused on the petition filed by Samindra Dayan Lenawa in the Supreme Court demanding an interim injunction to members of the Election Commission to hold the 2024 presidential election.

By filing the petition, Article 30 (2) of the Constitution of the Constitution is aimed at Article 126, 82 (6), 3, 4, 118 and 125 of the Constitution of the Constitution.The petition is noted not to do.

...



# Switzerland’s GTEX2 phase II to boost Sri Lanka apparel SMEs

*2024-07-04 10:51:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/switzerlands-gtex2-phase-ii-to-boost-sri-lanka-apparel-smes-170818/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka has been included in the Swiss government-funded GTEX2 programme for 2024-2027, which seeks to improve the capabilities of the local apparel sector and increase its presence in the global market.

Switzerland’s State Secretariat for Economic Affairs (SECO), the Swedish International Development Cooperation Agency (SIDCA), and the International Trade Center (ITC) fund and provide technical assistance in the second phase of its Global program on Textile and Clothing (GTEX2).

...



# The horrific bus - lorry accident

*2024-07-04 10:46:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198473)

A SLTB bus and a lorry collided in Galahitiyawa area on the Chilaw-Colombo-Colombo-Galahitiyawa area.

About 25 people were injured in the accident have been admitted to the Chilaw General Hospital for treatment.

According to hospital sources, several of those patients were serious.

The SLTB bus traveling from the Devalaya junction to Colombo this morning, a Cement from Puttalam to Colombo was not able to control and collided with a lorry.

According to our correspondent that there was rainy weather in the area at the time of the accident.



# Young woman magic

*2024-07-04 10:43:58*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/திருகோணமலை/இளம்-யுவதி-மாயம்-கிணற்றை-தோண்ட-நடவடிக்கை/75-339854)

A young woman from Thanganagar, which belongs to the Seruvila Police Division, has been reported missing at the police station.

Nadeskumar Vinodhini, a 25 -year -old girl, has lodged a complaint at Seruvila and Muttur police stations that she has disappeared.

The Muttur police, who are carrying out the case, have obtained court permission to dig a dilapidated well on the border of the Gilivetti village on the basis of the arrest of a suspect from Cleivetti on suspicion.

...



# Bribery Police Inspector arrested

*2024-07-04 10:42:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187636)

A bribe police inspector has been arrested by the bribery commission officials.

He is said to have bribed the person to give money from the person to provide a cashless check.



# President's term of office is 5 years

*2024-07-04 10:37:33*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/ජනපතිගේ-ධුර-කාලය-වසර-5යි/11-410606)

In 2024, the government is focusing on the petition filed by Chaminadra Dayan Legal to the Supreme Court, preaching the presidential election in 2024.

...



# Sri Lanka rupee opens weaker at 304.50/70 to US dollar

*2024-07-04 10:36:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-rupee-opens-weaker-at-304-50-70-to-us-dollar-170810/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka’s rupee opened at 304.50/70 to the US dollar on Thursday, while bond yields were broadly steady, and stocks opened 0.50 percent up, dealers said.

The rupee closed at 304.20/50 to the greenback on Wednesday.

A bond maturing on 15.12.2026 was quoted at 10.75/80 percent, down 10.70/85 percent.

A bond maturing on 01.05.2028 was quoted at 11.85/90 percent.

A bond maturing on 15.09.2029 was quoted at 11.95/12.05 percent, down from 12.10/20 percent.

In equities, Colombo’s All Share Price Index opened 59.82 points higher at 12,096, while the S&P SL20 of more liquid stocks opened up at 0.90percent or 31.79 points to 3,575.



# Poson carnival record income

*2024-07-04 10:25:26*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/පොසොන්-සැණකෙලියෙන්-අපුර-මහ-නගර-සභාවට-වාර්තාගත-ආදායමක්/11-410605)

Municipal Commissioner Ruwan Wijesinghe said that the Udanagara The Poson Carnival organized by the Anuradhapura Municipal Council in view of the National Poson Festival, the Municipal Commissioner Raman Wijesinghe said. He said this was the highest income in the history of the Municipal Council. The gross profit from this income was about Rs.

...



# Presidential Election: Ranil Action Notice

*2024-07-04 10:19:57*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/ஜனாதிபதி-தேர்தல்-ரணில்-அதிரடி-அறிவிப்பு/175-339853)

The government has focused on a petition filed by Samindra Dayan Lenwa in the Supreme Court demanding an interim injunction to members of the Election Commission to hold the 2024 presidential election.

By filing the petition, Article 30 (2) of the Constitution of the Constitution is aimed at Article 126, 82 (6), 3, 4, 118 and 125 of the Constitution of the Constitution.The petition is noted not to do.

...



# OIC who went down alcohol. Attacked

*2024-07-04 10:18:11*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/මත්පැන්-වැටලිමට-ගිය-ඕ-අයි-සී--ට-පහර-දිලා/11-410604)

The OIC of the Talawa Police Station has been attacked by a group of Thalawa Police OIC.

The police said that the OIC was racked at night and the OIC of the injured have been admitted to Anuradhapura Hospital.

Five suspects have been arrested in connection with the assault. Talawa Police are conducting further investigations.



# Where the teacher's immunition will be stopped

*2024-07-04 10:13:15*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/ගුරුවරියගේ-ඉමිටේෂන්-මාලයට-රැවටුන-මාල-හොරා-නැවතුන-තැන/11-410603)

The Hingiyakaduwa Police have arrested a youth who fled to the face of a teacher at a cost of Rs.

The arrested were a 31 year old resident of Uvawalawatte, Uvapalwatta, police said.

At a 27 year old resident of Colombo, a 27 year old resident of the Hingiyaaduwa area in the bus.The police said that the teacher had fled the necklace in chilli-face to the teacher.

The teacher has shouted and the neighbors have been assaulted and subsequently laid by the village, police said.

...



# President Ranil supports Election Commission’s decision on presidential polls

*2024-07-04 10:13:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100283/president-ranil-supports-election-commissions-decision-on-presidential-polls-)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe says he firmly believes that the President’s term is 5 years and supports the Election Commission’s decision to hold the Presidential Election in 2024, the President’s Media Division reported.

An entrepreneur named C.D. Lenaw had filed a fundamental rights (FR) petition yesterday (3) seeking an order preventing the calling of a Presidential Election until the Supreme Court delivers its interpretation on the presidential poll date.

...



# President supports the decision of the Election Commission

*2024-07-04 10:06:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198472)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe has announced that President Ranil Wickremesinghe will support the decision of the Election Commission regarding the presidential election in 2024.

President Ranil Wickremesinghe has strongly believes that the term of the president is five years.



# Attorney General has objected to Hirunika's request?

*2024-07-04 10:03:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198471)

The Attorney General also informed the Colombo High Court today that the former MP Hirunika Premacharandra, who was sentenced to three years in prison.

The request was considered before Colombo High Court Judge Amal Ranaraja.

The State Counsel said that the Attorney General was expecting the protests and asked to file the protests in writing.

Accordingly, the High Court judge who permitted the Attorney General to submit the protests ordered to be summoned on the 11th.



# Strategic action initiated with new projects

*2024-07-04 10:02:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187637)

The police said that the strategy will be launched with new projects from Thursday (04).

Police Media Spokesperson Deputy Inspector General of Police Nihal Talduwa said that the Sri Lankan military is expected to get the support of the strategy.

Nihal Talduwa also said that the entire country will be implemented in the coming years.



# From today's new form

*2024-07-04 09:47:37*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/இன்று-முதல்-புதிய-வடிவில்-யுக்திய/175-339850)

Police say that a new form of strategy will be launched from today (04).

Police Media Spokesperson Deputy Inspector General of Police Nihal Talduwa said that the action is expected to be supported by the military.

Talduwa said the program was launched in many areas around Colombo and that it would be implemented in the future to cover the entire country.



# The last celfium taken with the fatal bottle

*2024-07-04 09:46:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198470)

The Skyf, including the fishing vessel, was killed by drinking a liquid in a bottle of a bottle in the sea while he was in the sea.

Before he was drinking the liquid, the fishermen and the fishermen who had died with the bottle and the fisherman who had already been hospitalized have appeared at a photo.



# ‘Yukthiya’ operation to be launched with new vigour

*2024-07-04 09:40:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100282/yukthiya-operation-to-be-launched-with-new-vigour)

The ‘Yukthiya’ islandwide operation currently in force to eliminate all illegal activities will be launched with a new vigour from today (7), said the Sri Lanka Police.

Police spokesman DIG Nihal Thalduwa stated that it is also expected to get the support of the Sri Lanka Army for the ‘Yukthiya’ operation.

DIG Thalduwa, further stated that the operation has commenced in several areas around Colombo and it will be expanded, covering the island shortly.



# Sri Lanka Police launch second phase of operation ‘Yukthiya’

*2024-07-04 09:40:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100282/sri-lanka-police-launch-second-phase-of-operation-yukthiya-)

The ‘Yukthiya’ islandwide operation currently in force to eliminate all illegal activities will be launched with a new vigour from today (7), said the Sri Lanka Police.

Police spokesman DIG Nihal Thalduwa stated that it is also expected to get the support of the Sri Lanka Army for the ‘Yukthiya’ operation.

DIG Thalduwa, further stated that the second phase of the operation has commenced in several areas around Colombo and it will be expanded, covering the island shortly.

Operation 'Yukthiya' - Second Phase (Police  Press Release) by Adaderana Online on Scribd



# Saudi Arabia resolves the world's first internationally born twin conference

*2024-07-04 09:37:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187634)

The United Nations has announced the 24th of November 2024 to be 'World Birthday Tuesday Day'. Today, it is important to emphasize the status of the twins and improve their recognition in the community, including their treatment, care and well -being.

Saudi Arabia has proposed this initiative with Bahrain, Morocco, Qatar and Yemen.

...



# Another tragedy in India

*2024-07-04 09:33:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198469)

It has been revealed that about 33,000 deaths were carried out every year due to the pollution of the pollution.

According to foreign media reports, this has been revealed by a report in the "LANCET CLEENARY HEALTH".

Deaths have taken place due to 10 cities in India.

The deaths were reported from Banglobad, Banglobad, Bangloryro, Chennai, Delhi, Hyderabad, Kolkata, Mumbai, Pune, Shimpala and Currency.

The report also pointed out that the quality of the air quality of India has exceeded the standards of the World Health Organization.



# Attack on the Talawa Police Station

*2024-07-04 09:31:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187635)

A sharp weapon was attacked by the Superintendent of Police at the Talawa Police Station on Wednesday night (03).

It is reported that the police officer in charge of the attack has been admitted to the Anuradhapura Teaching Hospital for treatment.



# Thirumalai Soil

*2024-07-04 09:05:42*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/திருகோணமலை/இறுதி-கிரியைகளுக்கு-தயாராகும்-திருமலை-மண்/75-339849)

The funeral of the late Tamil National Alliance (TNA) leader and former parliamentarian Amarar R. Sampanthan is currently being held at his residence in Trincomalee.

Arrangements are being made in this situation. Anjali is also taking place for Annar.

For this purpose, the district branch of the Sri Lanka Tamil State Party, including the Trincomalee District Journalists Association, is making arrangements under the leadership of Kathiravelu Shanmugam Kukadasan.. Remble



# I'm bribed

*2024-07-04 09:04:11*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/අයි-පි-අල්ලස්-දැලේ/11-410602)

Bribery and Corruption Commission says he was arrested on charges of the police inspector on charges of claiming Rs. 25,000 / =. The suspect has been arrested following a complaint lodged by a resident of Palliyawatta, Wattala.

Complaint carried out by the plaintiff checks provided by the complainant. The suspects were taken to pay the remaining amount to pay the remaining monthly premium and obtaining the corresponding to the Welisara Economic Center.

The suspect is to be produced before the Colombo Chief Magistrate's Court.



# Excellent principal and gurunes in the school system

*2024-07-04 09:00:29*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/පාසල්-පද්ධතියේ-විශිෂ්ට-විදුහල්පති-හා-ගුරුන්-තෝරයි/11-410601)

Parallel to the World Teacher Day, 5 October, the school system is accepted by the Ministry of Education to be accepted until the 7th of this month.

During the year 2023, schools are eligible to base the scholarships, subject management, leadership and teachers and teachers, teachers and teachers.The Ministry of Education states that it is selected.

...



# Commission's decision on Amendment

*2024-07-04 08:57:40*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/විදුලි-ගාස්තු-සංශෙෘ්ධන-ගැන-කොමිසමේ-තීරණය-ජුලි-09දා/11-410600)

The Public Utilities Commission of Sri Lanka (PUCSL) says that the public's oral comments are carried out on July 9th this year.

Accordingly, the Public Utilities Commission has informed that the Commission has been given the opportunity to comment on the Commission to the Commission before July 07 to 4.30 am from 8.30 am to 4.30 am to 4.30 am.

The Public Utilities Commission states that the written comments of the proposal will be obtained up to this month.

The Public Underlying Commission states that the amendment proposal has been reviewed by the Commission to the Commission to reduce the existing electricity tariffs.

...



# Order to immediately close all children's homes in the north

*2024-07-04 08:45:32*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/யாழ்ப்பாணம்/வடக்கில்-அனைத்து-சிறுவர்-இல்லங்களையும்-உடனடியாக-மூடுவதற்கு-உத்தரவு/71-339848)

Investigations have revealed that children's homes were running in a place where people were not for the sake of staying in the Jaffna - Tellippalai area.

A children's home, which started with 03 upcountry students last month, has been attached to a more than 03 hill country students.

The house where the children's home is ruled is dilapidated, and when there are no doors for the windows, students are sleeping on the ground without bed facilities.

Students have to go to another land for a short distance from the house for the facilities and baths.

...



# Two persons arrested for stealing a motorcycle and motorcycle in Ratnapura

*2024-07-04 08:41:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187633)

Hingurukaduwa police said that two persons have been arrested for stealing a three -wheeler and motorcycle in Ratnapura.

The arrested suspects were from the army from the 28,29 -year -old area, police said.

The driver of the Hingurukaduwa police station, when the driver was suspected of the driver's license, without the driver's license, the National Identity Card, Insurance Card and Auto Income Tax SecurrentThe police said that they were taken to the Hingurukaduwa police station and were investigating them.

...



# Justice is a new face to

*2024-07-04 08:41:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198468)

Police say that justice operation will be launched from today (04).

Attorney at Law, police spokesman, Nihal Talduuwa, said that the Sri Lanka Army was also looking for this operation.

The program was commenced in several parts of Colombo today and is still being covered with the entire island.



# Arrested by police officer for bribery

*2024-07-04 08:39:25*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/லஞ்சம்-வாங்கிய-பொலிஸ்-அதிகாரி-கைது/175-339847)

It is reported that he was arrested by the Inquiry Commission on Bribery or Corruption. Remble



# Assassinating on Oic

*2024-07-04 08:36:16*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/OIC-மீது-கொலைவெறி-தாக்குதல்/175-339845)

When a liquor store was raided yesterday (03), the Talawa Police Station was taken to the Anuradhapura Hospital.

It is reported that a person at the wine station attacked the officer with a sharp weapon.

Five people, including the suspect, have been arrested so far, police said.



# It is raining several times in many districts

*2024-07-04 08:25:40*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/பல-மாவட்டங்களில்-பல-தடவைகள்-மழை-பெய்யும்/175-339844)

Heavy rains are expected in the Western, Sabaragamuwa and North Western Provinces and Kandy, Nuwara Eliya, Galle and Matara districts.

It is possible to experience rain or thunderstorms in the evening or in some places in the Uva Province and Ampara and Batticaloa districts.

Strong winds are likely to blow up to 40-50 km / h from time to time in the western slopes of the Central Highlands, North, North Central and North Western Provinces and Trincomalee and Hambantota districts.

...



# Police Inspector arrested on bribery charge

*2024-07-04 08:24:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100281/police-inspector-arrested-on-bribery-charge)

An Inspector of Police attached to the Mahabage Police Station has been arrested by Bribery Commission officials while accepting a bribe of Rs. 25,000.

He had reportedly solicited the bribe on the promise of intervening to settle an amount from a bounced cheque in instalments.



# A police officer arrested

*2024-07-04 08:23:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198467)

A Inspector of Inspector attached to Mahabage Police has been arrested by the Commission to Investigate Allegations of Bribery or Corruption.



# Customs officers are sick

*2024-07-04 07:58:20*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/රේගු-නිලධාරින්-ලෙඩ-වෙති/11-410599)

Customs Tra University Officers, a trade union action, said that the Customs Department officials take a trade union action to report sick leave in two days today.

However, Geethanja Madapatha said that the trade union protesting program would not be implemented in institutions such as the Colombo Port and Galle Harbor.

The first request of the Customs Officers have been taken to take measures to revise several sections of the Religion of the Finance Ministry without commenting the Sri Lanka Customs.

...



# Britain's general election begins

*2024-07-04 07:52:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198466)

The vote at 7:00 am will be held until 10am.

More than million people have qualified to vote this year.

On May 22, the Prime Minister Rishi Suneake was given the opportunity to hold a general election.

The Workers Party (LB) has also presented the Concerway Party representing the British Prime Minister Rishi, representing the British Prime Minister Rishi.



# Talks on resuming Japan funded Sri Lanka airport terminal next week: Minister

*2024-07-04 07:39:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/talks-on-resuming-japan-funded-sri-lanka-airport-terminal-next-week-minister-170805/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka will meet representatives of the Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) to start talks on resuming work on an airport terminal that was halted after reaching a deal with official creditors, Aviation Minister Nimal Siripala de Silva said.

Japan halted loans to Sri Lanka after sovereign default was declared on April 2022.

“Next week the JICA is coming to see me,” Minister de Silva told reporters in Colombo. “That is the benefit of restructuring.

“They have agreed to give additional finances necessary for the escalation of prices also.”

...



# Thalawa OIC injured in attack during raid

*2024-07-04 07:37:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100280/thalawa-oic-injured-in-attack-during-raid)

The Officer-in-Charge (OIC) of the Thalawa Police Station has been injured after he was attacked with a sharp object during a raid last night.

The wounded Thalawa OIC has been admitted to the Anuradhapura Teaching Hospital for treatment.

A suspect has been arrested in connection with the incident, police said.



# Several spells of showers expected in parts of the island

*2024-07-04 07:34:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100279/several-spells-of-showers-expected-in-parts-of-the-island)

The Meteorology Department says showers will occur at times in Western and Sabaragamuwa provinces and in Galle and Matara districts.

Several spells of showers may occur in North-western province and in Kandy, Nuwara-Eliya districts.

Showers or thundershowers may occur at a few places in Uva province and in Ampara and Batticaloa districts in the evening or night.

Strong winds of about 40-50 kmph can be expected at times over the Western slopes of the central hills, Northern, North-central and North-western provinces and in Trincomalee, Hambantota and Monaragala districts.

...



# Customs officers become sick today and tomorrow

*2024-07-04 07:26:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198465)

The Customs Association (SLTB) union has decided to engage in a professional procedure to report sick leave today and tomorrow (04) and tomorrow.

The executive committee member Tharaka Kumarasinghe said that the trade union action is being taken to amend the action of the customs Ordinance and protesting the action of the authorities.

The Customs Officers were in a professional program in the last two days due to the absence of solution to the authority on several occasions.

Tharaka Kumarasinghe said that he had decided to report on two days today and tomorrow.

...



# OIC attacked with a sharp weapon

*2024-07-04 07:03:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198464)

The Talawa Ridow to a raid last night has been attacked with a sharp object.

The OIC, who was injured, have been admitted to the Anuradhapura Teaching Hospital for treatment.



# Restructuring of international bonds

*2024-07-04 06:45:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198463)

Sri Lanka and international creditors have agreed on the conditions for the restructuring of bonds.

Reuters pointed out that the agreement had reached yesterday (03).

According to an agreement on the restructuring of international bonds of $ 12.5 billion US $ 12.5 billion.

It is reported that after more than a year, the agreement was reported.

Accordingly, the creditors have agreed to reduce the 28 percent nominal reduction in international bonds.

Restructuring International Bonds is a major condition that has been provided by the International Monetary Fund.

...



# Sumana Jayatilleke: 'Aadata Aunt' silence

*2024-07-04 06:25:42*

[bbccomsinhala](https://www.bbc.com/sinhala/articles/c51yex3wg5do)

"By 1963, the trade service had not had a children's program. This was no less felt like the Director of the Mercantile Director. For Mr. Wijemanne. He suggested me to make a childhood program, different from 'childhood'. Accordingly, I suggested that we wanted to do this in the form of. This program as the manufacturer in the market, KAW. I thank Mr. Perera, when he suggests a few of us, "Sumana is bad and the Handunmma. That's a very good thing. What is a very dear symbol of children. So I liked it was good, "Amenitian Sumana Jayatilleka has been able to mark the start of the 50th anniversary of the world,"In a program.

...



# Showers in several areas

*2024-07-04 06:20:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198461)

The Department of Meteorology announces that showers will occur in the Western and Sabaragamuwa provinces and in the Galle and Matara districts.

Several closes in the North Western Province and in the Kandy and Nuwara Eliya districts.

Showers or thundershowers will occur at several places in the Ampara and Batticaloa districts of Ampara and Batticaloa districts.

From the Western slopes of the central hills, Trincomalee, Trincomalee, Hambantota and Monaragala Districts, Trincomalee, Hambantota and Monaragala Districts. There are about 40-50 strong winds.

...



# Sri Lanka Ports Authority and Virginia Ports Authority, USA sign historic MOC

*2024-07-04 03:44:52*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/Sri-Lanka-Ports-Authority-and-Virginia-Ports-Authority-USA-sign-historic-MOC/56-763837)

Seated in front: SLPA Chairman Keith Bernard (left) and VPA General Council Sarah J. McCoy. Back row (from left): The Colombo Plan Program Assistant Tharushini Suriyaarachchi, The Colombo Plan Port of Colombo Capacity Building Project Lead Consultant Rohan Masakorala, Ministry of Ports Shipping and Aviation Sri Lanka Secretary K.D.S. Ruwanchandra, and VPA Director Federal Government Affairs Andrew M. Sinclair

...



# AKD says Ranil has no chance of getting tenure extension

*2024-07-04 03:40:38*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/AKD-says-Ranil-has-no-chance-of-getting-tenure-extension/56-763836)

National People’s Power (NPP) leader Anura Kumara Dissanayake yesterday said President Ranil Wickremesinghe has no chance of getting a one-year extension of his tenure as the Supreme Court has given a clear ruling in 2019 that the President’s tenure is five years.

Dissanayake told the media in Colombo that the President and his group were trying to create confusion among the people about the Presidential election.

...



# Supreme Court suspends criminal proceedings in X-Press Pearl case

*2024-07-04 03:37:31*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/Supreme-Court-suspends-criminal-proceedings-in-X-Press-Pearl-case/56-763835)

The Supreme Court yesterday issued an interim order stating further proceedings relating to the indictment filed before the Colombo High Court against eight accused, including the Captain of the fire-ravaged container ship MV X-Press Pearl.

The Supreme Court three-judge-bench comprising Justices A.H.M.D. Nawaz, Kumuduni Wickramasinghe and Priyantha Fernando issued this interim order pursuant to a special leave to appeal application filed by the accused-petitioners challenging the Court of Appeal decision to dismiss their revision applications. This interim order will be effective till 12 February next year.

...



# HRCSL makes strong recommendations over prefects’ appointments at Royal College

*2024-07-04 03:37:03*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/HRCSL-makes-strong-recommendations-over-prefects-appointments-at-Royal-College/56-763834)

The Human Rights Commission of Sri Lanka (HRCSL) has issued a set of recommendations to Royal College, Colombo 7, pertaining to alleged irregularities in the appointments of the Prefects Council for the year 2023/2024.

In its recommendations, the HRCSL insists that Royal College appoint one of the complainant students, M.G. Jayawardena as a prefect as he has achieved a mark exceeding the cut-off of 27.

The Commission also recommends that the Principal of Royal College investigates a complaint filed by one of the complainants, M. Pathberiya alleging mistreatment by members of the Prefects Council.

...



# EDB partners with Swiss SECO to launch GTEX2 to boost apparel industry

*2024-07-04 03:35:20*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/EDB-partners-with-Swiss-SECO-to-launch-GTEX2-to-boost-apparel-industry/34-763833)

The Export Development Board (EDB) yesterday entered into a strategic agreement with the State Secretariat for Economic Affairs of Switzerland (SECO) to implement the second phase of the Global Program on Textile and Clothing (GTEX2), aimed at enhancing the apparel sector.

...



# Amunugama highlights apparel industry challenges amid opportunities for growth

*2024-07-04 03:33:23*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/Amunugama-highlights-apparel-industry-challenges-amid-opportunities-for-growth/34-763832)

State Minister of Investment Promotion Dilum Amunugama yesterday said although Sri Lanka’s apparel and textile industry stands as a robust and ethical sector poised to meet global demands, it must navigate a complex landscape of challenges and opportunities.

Speaking at the launch event of the second phase of the Global Program on Textile and Clothing (GTEX2), he outlined that strategic support and investment are essential to leverage the sector’s strengths and drive sustainable growth.

...



# Institute of Management of Sri Lanka holds AGM

*2024-07-04 03:31:19*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/Institute-of-Management-of-Sri-Lanka-holds-AGM/34-763831)

Re-elects Senior Prof. Sarath S. Kodithuwakku as President and bestows Honorary Fellowships to the UGC Chairman and two Vice Chancellors

University of Colombo Vice Chancellor Senior Prof H.D. Karunarathna FIM (SL)

The Institute of Management of Sri Lanka (IMSL), the apex professional body of management in the country, recently held its annual general meeting, marking a significant event in the Sri Lankan management community.

Incorporated by Act of Parliament No. 67 on 17 December 1988. IMSL is the sole management organisation in Sri Lanka that is recognised as a full Sri Lankan member of the Asian Management Organisations (AAMO).

...



# Sri Lanka bondholders agree on 28-pct hair cut; GDP-gains capped at 15-pct

*2024-07-04 03:29:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-bondholders-agree-on-28-pct-hair-cut-gdp-gains-capped-at-15-pct-170753/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka and sovereign bond holders have reached a deal to exchange 14.43 billion dollars in defaulted bonds and overdue interest for new instruments linked to future gross domestic product growth, governance and also standard fixed interest bonds.

Bondholders have also agreed to an 11 percent haircut on 1.889 billion dollars of past due interest, compared to an earlier proposal, according to a London Stock Exchange filing.

...



# BoardPAC awarded carbon neutral certification for second consecutive year

*2024-07-04 03:23:47*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/BoardPAC-awarded-carbon-neutral-certification-for-second-consecutive-year/34-763830)

From left: SLCF Acting Chief Executive Officer Harshani Abeyrathna, BoardPAC Operations Manager Thusitha Jayanath, Former Environment Ministry Secretary and SLCF Chairman Dr. Anil Jasinghe, BoardPAC Operations and Systems Vice President Buddhika Abeygooneratne, BoardPAC Human Resources Director Sudeshi Salwathura, SLCF Verification Executive Wageesha Alankara, and SLCF Verification Executive Dilini Liyanage

...



# Five reasons why Ranil must be superseded in 100 days

*2024-07-04 02:50:07*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/columns/Five-reasons-why-Ranil-must-be-superseded-in-100-days/4-763821)

Whatever option you pick as your choice for President, the process of deliberation leading to that choice must entail the initial methodological step of ruling out.

I argue that the candidate we should rule out as a preliminary step is the unelected incumbent President Ranil Wickremesinghe. As a political scientist I shall give five fundamental reasons why. But before that, here’s a personal note.

...



# Two tablets of Sri Lanka joined the World Serpent catalog

*2024-07-04 02:10:03*

[bbccomsinhala](https://www.bbc.com/sinhala/articles/c9wvk3we41do)

A Sri Lankan research team has been introduced to introduce another two snake species in World Snake Nayaka.

Mendis Wickremasinghe told the Sinhalese, who joined Sri Lanka to the World Sergeter catalog from the World Sergeter catalog from Rhinophis Martin and Rhinophis Dinarzarda.

The Rhinophishis Martin species have been found in the Rakwana mountain range and Rhinofis Dinarceard has been identified in the western slopes of the western slopes.

The number of cases have increased to 20, with the discovery of this discovery.

Do the geckoes found in the dry zone of Sri Lanka and the two species of the world endanth?

...



# Recovery of cannabis and drug pills in Point Pedro!

*2024-07-04 02:06:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187630)

Based on the information received by the Army Intelligence Unit on Wednesday, the drug was recovered in the Point Pedro - Puloli forest area.

One kilogram of Kerala cannabis, 290 drugs and a scales were recovered.

However no suspect has been arrested. Point Pedro Police are conducting further investigations.



# Governor of the Northern Province to close women and children's homes

*2024-07-04 02:03:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187629)

The Governor of the Northern Province has ordered the closure of women and children's homes in the Tellippalai area in Jaffna.

The Northern Governor has issued a directive to the Commissioner of the Department of Probation and Child Maintenance to immediately close the two houses in accordance with the Governor's direct supervision of the Tellippalai area.

...



# Woman dies in Jaffna

*2024-07-04 02:02:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187628)

A woman who was targeted for Kalavikotu on Tuesday 2nd died at Tellippalai Hospital on Wednesday (03). The mother of three children, Gunasekaram Varadasurmani (age 67), from Chettikurichi Pandathara area, died.

The woman went into the land near her house yesterday and took the palm of the palm.. He was admitted to the hospital for further treatment.

He died today without treatment. Death Investigation Officer. Jayapalasingham carried out. The body was handed over to relatives after anatomical examination.



# People’s Bank conducts ‘People’s Spark’ event to commemorate World MSME Day

*2024-07-04 01:55:33*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/People-s-Bank-conducts-People-s-Spark-event-to-commemorate-World-MSME-Day/34-763816)

People’s Bank Chairman Sujeewa Rajapakse presenting a People’s Spark loan. CEO/GM Clive Fonseka and Deputy General Manager-Enterprise Banking Wickrama Narayana look on

People’s Bank Celebrated World Micro, Small, and Medium-sized Enterprises Day by launching the ‘People’s Spark’ loan scheme at a special event held at the People’s Bank Staff Training College auditorium in Colombo 5 recently.

...



# British Council presents ‘Youth-Led Green and Inclusive Businesses’ at ‘Pathways to Sustainability: Entrepreneurs’ Showcase’ event

*2024-07-04 01:47:14*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/British-Council-presents-Youth-Led-Green-and-Inclusive-Businesses-at-Pathways-to-Sustainability-Entrepreneurs-Showcase-event/34-763815)

A discussion on the role of youth to support sustainable and inclusive business strategy was moderated by Centre for Living Sustainability, University of Highlands and Islands, Scotland Dr. Lalith Welamedage and featured speakers veteran banker and impact investor Chandula Abeywickrema , Achala Samaradivakara (Good Market), Ministry of Industries Chaminda Pathiraja and Prestige Ceylon Export Ventures Ltd. Yasas Nanayakkara

Sustainable Development Council Sri Lanka Director General Chamindry Saparamadu made the keynote address.

...

