# #SriLanka :sri_lanka: News Bulletin

<div id="news_lk_bulletin">

*Updated* **2024-07-09 08:12:12**

1. Weather today: Several showers will occur in the Western, Sabaragamuwa and Northwestern provinces. Thundershowers will develop at several places in the Ampara and Batticaloa districts, and from the Western slopes of the central hills, Trincomalee, Hambantota and Moneragala Districts. Strong winds of 40-50 kmph may also be expected. The public is advised to take necessary steps to reduce temporary winds and lightning accidents with thunderstorms.
2. Sri Lanka’s journey towards a brighter future: Reflections from outgoing World Bank Group country management: The true potential for transformative change in Sri Lanka lies in its human capital—the perseverance and unbreakable spirit of the Sri Lankan people.
3. Promoting inclusive economic growth and private sector investment in Sri Lanka: To raise the socioeconomic standing of the populace, Sri Lanka needs to pursue inclusive economic growth and more investment from the private sector.
4. Politics of bankruptcy and solvency: Anybody who knows about capitalism knows that bankruptcy is an essential part of capitalism (Joseph Stiglitz).
5. Social entrepreneurship: Beacon of hope for Sri Lanka’s recovery: Social entrepreneurial approaches often engage with local communities at the grassroots level in their development initiatives, and can help Sri Lanka recover from severe economic instability, social inequality, and environmental crises.
6. Sri Lanka takes major step forward in combatting malnutrition by launching locally-produced fortified rice kernels: The Government of Sri Lanka announced that Sri Lanka has now gained the capacity to produce fortified rice kernels.
7. Ceylon Chamber and MDF partner to empower women business development coaches: Aiming to advance gender inclusivity and promote women’s economic empowerment, The Ceylon Chamber of Commerce in collaboration with MDF Training and Consultancy successfully concluded a Training of Trainers (ToT) program designed to enhance the capabilities of women business development coaches in Sri Lanka.
8. Macktiles Masterpieces unveils groundbreaking luxury tile collection, redefining “Made in Sri Lanka”: Macktiles Masterpieces has unveiled a groundbreaking luxury tile collection that redefines “Made in Sri Lanka”.
9. Hayleys Solar selected for first-of-its-kind ADB-developed and financed Agrivoltaics project: The Asian Development Bank (ADB) together with the Sri Lanka Sustainable Energy Authority (SLSEA) under the Ministry of Power and Energy (MOPE), the Tea Smallholders Development Authority (TSHDA) under the Ministry of Plantation Industries (MOPI), the University of Peradeniya, and Hayleys Solar inaugurated Sri Lanka’s first-ever semi-transparent solar PV-powered Agrivoltaics Demonstration Project.
10. Siyambalapitiya announces registration of 14 new sectors for tax payment: State Minister of Finance Ranjith Siyambalapitiya announced that 14 sectors, previously overlooked, have now been registered for tax payments and are required to pay taxes. This marks an unprecedented focus on ensuring all eligible sectors contribute to the tax net. No sector is exempt from taxation, countering claims that private schools, tutoring classes, large-scale private medical service providers, engineering services, legal services, and surveyor services were not being taxed.

</div>

[Previous](data) Bulletins

## Methodology

This bulletin has been autogenerated by MistralAI's [mistral-large-latest](https://mistral.ai/news/mistral-large/) model, with the following [prompt](src/news_lk_bulletin/core/NewsBulletin.py):

*Aggregate these news articles into 10 bullets of information that will be practically useful to ordinary Sri Lankan citizens. EXCLUDE opinions, advertisements and political messages. ANNOTATE with emojis.*

## Source News

Based on **121** News Articles, from the last **19** hours.

# Weather today

*2024-07-09 06:01:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198617)

The Department of Meteorology says that several closure will occur in the Western, Sabaragamuwa and Northwestern provinces.

Thundershowers will develop at several places in the Ampara and Batticaloa districts of Ampara and Batticaloa districts.

From the Western slopes of the central hills, Trincomalee, Trincomalee and Moneragala Districts, Trincomalee, Hambantota and Moneragala Districts. The Department of Meteorology announces that 40-50 could cause strong winds.

The Department of Meteorology has requested the public to take necessary steps to reduce temporary winds and lightning accidents with thunderstorms.



# Sri Lanka’s journey towards a brighter future: Reflections from outgoing World Bank Group country management

*2024-07-09 05:32:52*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/columns/Sri-Lanka-s-journey-towards-a-brighter-future-Reflections-from-outgoing-World-Bank-Group-country-management/4-764016)

Sri Lanka’s true potential for transformative change lies in its human capital—the perseverance and unbreakable spirit of the Sri Lankan people

Outgoing World Bank Country Director for Maldives, Nepal and Sri Lanka, World Bank Country Manager for Maldives and Sri Lanka, and International Finance Corporation Country Manager for Maldives and Sri Lanka speak about the highlights of their tenure in Colombo. They also share their thoughts on the opportunities for Sri Lanka and their parting wishes for the people and the country

...



# Promoting inclusive economic growth and private sector investment in Sri Lanka

*2024-07-09 05:28:51*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/columns/Promoting-inclusive-economic-growth-and-private-sector-investment-in-Sri-Lanka/4-764015)

Sri Lanka is currently experiencing a pivotal moment in its economic development trajectory. Raising the socioeconomic standing of the populace requires pursuing inclusive economic growth and more investment from the private sector. By examining crucial approaches, recognising obstacles, and assimilating global best practices, Sri Lanka may clear the path towards a future that is both affluent and just.

...



# Politics of bankruptcy and solvency

*2024-07-09 05:24:15*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/columns/Politics-of-bankruptcy-and-solvency/4-764014)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe in conversation with his predecessor Gotabaya Rajapaksa in the presence of former President and Prime Minister Mahinda Rajapaksa at the ceremony to mark 27 years in politics by SLPP MP Rohitha Abeygunawardena at the Kalutara Public Ground on Saturday – Pic by Pradeep Pathirana

“Anybody who knows about capitalism knows that bankruptcy is an essential part of capitalism” (Joseph Stiglitz)

...



# Social entrepreneurship: Beacon of hope for Sri Lanka’s recovery

*2024-07-09 05:19:06*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/columns/Social-entrepreneurship-Beacon-of-hope-for-Sri-Lanka-s-recovery/4-764012)

Social entrepreneurial approaches often engage with local communities at the grassroots level in their development initiatives

Sri Lanka stands at a critical crossroads in the wake of different reasons such as severe economic instability, social inequality and environmental crises. While many traditional approaches are falling short in this situation, it is time for Sri Lanka to gain traction for a new paradigm of ‘social entrepreneurship’ to come out of this crisis.

...



# To make a race in a raceless society

*2024-07-09 05:11:54*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/columns/To-make-a-race-in-a-raceless-society/4-764011)

As Sri Lanka navigates a crucial period, it is essential to absorb all subgroups into the mainstream

In the current global context, isolation is impossible due to ongoing economic trends and geopolitical influences. Even North Korea attempts to build and maintain interstate relationships to fulfil national interests. Alongside these interstate developments, there is a rising sub-area that every country faces to varying degrees: migration.

...



# Sri Lanka takes major step forward in combatting malnutrition by launching locally-produced fortified rice kernels

*2024-07-09 05:05:19*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/Sri-Lanka-takes-major-step-forward-in-combatting-malnutrition-by-launching-locally-produced-fortified-rice-kernels/34-764010)

From left: PATH Nutrition State Lead Abhishek Kumar, Connect To Care Chairman Chandita Samaranayake, Grains n Green Managing Director Roshan Perera, President’s Chief of Staff and National Security Senior Adviser Sagala Ratnayaka, Gates Foundation India Country Office Nutrition Lead Ruchika Chugh Sachdeva, PATH Program Manager Dr. Danie Shajie, and WFP Nutrition and School-based Programs Head Dr. Kalana Peiris

The Government of Sri Lanka announced that Sri Lanka has now gained the capacity to produce fortified rice kernels.

...



# Ceylon Chamber and MDF partner to empower women business development coaches

*2024-07-09 05:03:17*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/Ceylon-Chamber-and-MDF-partner-to-empower-women-business-development-coaches/34-764009)

Aiming to advance gender inclusivity and promote women’s economic empowerment, The Ceylon Chamber of Commerce in collaboration with MDF Training and Consultancy successfully concluded a Training of Trainers (ToT) program designed to enhance the capabilities of women business development coaches in Sri Lanka.

...



# Macktiles Masterpieces unveils groundbreaking luxury tile collection, redefining “Made in Sri Lanka”

*2024-07-09 05:01:30*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/Macktiles-Masterpieces-unveils-groundbreaking-luxury-tile-collection-redefining-Made-in-Sri-Lanka/34-764008)

From left: Macksons Holdings Director Mizha Mizver, Buddhi Batiks CEO and Creative Director Darshi Keerthisena, Macksons Holdings Director Shimmer Milfer and Macktiles Head of Finance Aaqil Faraz

...



# Hayleys Solar selected for first-of-its-kind ADB-developed and financed Agrivoltaics project

*2024-07-09 04:59:47*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/Hayleys-Solar-selected-for-first-of-its-kind-ADB-developed-and-financed-Agrivoltaics-project/34-764007)

The Asian Development Bank (ADB) together with the Sri Lanka Sustainable Energy Authority (SLSEA) under the Ministry of Power and Energy (MOPE), the Tea Smallholders Development Authority (TSHDA) under the Ministry of Plantation Industries (MOPI), the University of Peradeniya, and Hayleys Solar inaugurated Sri Lanka’s first-ever semi-transparent solar PV-powered Agrivoltaics Demonstration Project.

...



# Siyambalapitiya announces registration of 14 new sectors for tax payment

*2024-07-09 04:58:21*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/Siyambalapitiya-announces-registration-of-14-new-sectors-for-tax-payment/34-764006)

State Minister of Finance Ranjith Siyambalapitiya yesterday announced that 14 sectors, previously overlooked, have now been registered for tax payments and are required to pay taxes.

He highlighted that this marks an unprecedented focus on ensuring all eligible sectors contribute to the tax net.

Siyambalapitiya emphasised that no sector is exempt from taxation, countering claims that private schools, tutoring classes, large-scale private medical service providers, engineering services, legal services, and surveyor services were not being taxed.

...



# $ 5 m grant to implement project on chemical disposal in Sri Lanka

*2024-07-09 04:57:19*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/5-m-grant-to-implement-project-on-chemical-disposal-in-Sri-Lanka/56-764005)

Global Environment Facility (GEF) supports joint initiative by Environment Ministry and UNDP

Workshop held to launch project to dispose of POP pesticides in agriculture sector and mercury and waste in healthcare sector

Sri Lanka does not manufacture products which contain POPs or mercury. However, many products containing these substances are imported to the country for various uses every year. Though stringent regulations have been introduced, a lack of capacity in the application of these regulations result in the continued mismanagement of chemical imports to the country.

...



# Foreign Affairs Ministry clarifies on Sri Lanka’s continental shelf submissions

*2024-07-09 04:54:26*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/Foreign-Affairs-Ministry-clarifies-on-Sri-Lanka-s-continental-shelf-submissions/56-764004)

Foreign Affairs Ministry yesterday said Sri Lanka’s continental shelf submission to the United Nations Commission on the Limits of the Continental Shelf (UNCLCS) in New York as well as to matters related to the International Seabed Authority (ISBA) in Jamaica on exploration of the cobalt-rich crust in the “Afanasy Nikitin Seamount” are both under process before the two respective global bodies.

...



# Sri Lankan Ambassador to Saudi Arabia initiates felicitation of long-serving migrant workers

*2024-07-09 04:54:01*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/Sri-Lankan-Ambassador-to-Saudi-Arabia-initiates-felicitation-of-long-serving-migrant-workers/56-764003)

Sri Lankan Ambassador to Saudi Arabia Ameer Ajwad has initiated a tradition of recognising and felicitating long-serving Sri Lankan migrant workers in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.

Chandralal Senadhira, who has served as a senior manager at the Saudi Almarai multinational dairy company for more than 30 years and is leaving Saudi Arabia for good, was felicitated and presented a memento by Ambassador Ajwad during a brief event hosted by the Embassy of Sri Lanka in Riyadh.

...



# Supreme Court dismisses petition to delay Presidential Election

*2024-07-09 04:52:16*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/Supreme-Court-dismisses-petition-to-delay-Presidential-Election/56-764002)

SC affirms constitution clearly states a five-year presidential term, which the Attorney General emphasised during yesterday’s proceedings

Counsel for intervening party MP Wimal Weerawansa argues that the 2019 gazette specifying President’s tenure as five years undermines petitioner’s claims

Highlights that majority of voters in 2019 understood and accepted five-year Presidential term as per 19A

SJB MP Mujibur Rahman praises court decision, suggesting it countered efforts by the President and Govt. to delay elections

...



# Asgiriya Chief Prelate warns delaying polls could lead to national turmoil

*2024-07-09 04:50:57*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/Asgiriya-Chief-Prelate-warns-delaying-polls-could-lead-to-national-turmoil/56-764001)

Mahanayake of the Asgiriya Chapter, Warak-agoda Sri Gnanarathana Thera, has warned that any attempt to change the election dates may lead to turmoil in the country.

The Thera expressed these concerns during a conversation with Freedom People’s Congress (FPC) member and Parliamentarian Prof. G.L. Peiris, who visited the Asgiriya Vihara yesterday.

He also emphasised that there is no need to postpone the elections.

Peiris also pointed out to the Thera that according to the Constitution, the President’s term of office is unequivocally five years, a principle affirmed by the Supreme Court in two prior rulings.

...



# Police confirm Club Wasantha was main target in Athurugiriya shooting

*2024-07-09 04:45:16*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/Police-confirm-Club-Wasantha-was-main-target-in-Athurugiriya-shooting/56-764000)

Two gunmen open fire at tattoo and piercing studio opening killing Sunhill Group of Companies Chairperson Surendra Wasantha Perera and another, injuring 4 others

Similar shooting had taken place at same location on 13 February 2017 killing underworld figure Tanil Bandara Dharmashri

Sunhill Group of Companies Chairperson Surendra Wasantha Perera, better known as “Club Wasantha” was shot dead by two unidentified gunmen in Oruwala, Athurugiriya yesterday.

...



# The issues in the teachings of the Buddha are present in the world today as new ideas - the President

*2024-07-09 02:57:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187997)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe said that there is a huge connection between Buddhism and the modern science and technology world we are currently traveling, and that the teachings of the Buddha are in the teachings of the Buddha.

The aim is to restart the work of the President of the Anuradhapura Maha Vikarai in the history of the Buddhist philosophy, Sri Lanka's history, civilization, the spread of Buddhism in the world and the establishment of a new institution that develops a new institution in the country.. He said.

...



# If the strike is to be paid a salary hike, the Wet tax will be increased again

*2024-07-09 02:48:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187995)

The Treasury Secretary Mahinda Siriwardena said that if the strike is to be paid a salary increase, the current 18% Wet tax will increase to 20% - 21% and the government cannot meet such a demand.

President Ranil Wickremesinghe, headed by President Ranil Wickremesinghe today (08) at the Presidential Secretariat, said this.

Many of the unions related to the public service have been brought to the President's attention on the occupational activity, which has made several demands and discussed the favorable solutions to the demands made by the unions.

...



# Due to unjust strikes, children have lost the opportunity to educate -Kanaka Herath

*2024-07-09 02:46:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187996)

Technology Minister Kanaka Herath said that children have lost the opportunity to educate the children by carrying out unjust strikes at the time of the election.

The Minister of State also stated that the opposition parties should respond to the question of whether it is aimed at disrupting the people's peace of life through these strikes and struggles.

Minister of Technology Kanaka Herath made this statement at a media briefing held at the Presidential Media Center on Monday (08).

Since 2022, we have implemented massive policies and reforms by our ministry. It is also expected to present a few more bills in Parliament.

...



# Chavakachcheri Resource Hospital issue: Minister Douglas Devananda

*2024-07-09 00:21:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187994)

Fisheries Minister Douglas Devananda has said that the steps to be carried out in the Chavakachcheri Base Hospital will be met with the expectations of the people.

He was speaking at a discussion with Health Minister Rames Pathirana and Governor of the Northern Province Mrs. PMS Charles.

In addition, the hospital's response to the hospital's response to the hospital's response to the hospital is to be given a holiday to the hospital to create a smooth environment at the Chavakachcheri Resource Hospital and to return to the doctors who have been involved in the work boycott.

...



# Do the doctors who fled the patients go to their child?- The question of the woman involved in the struggle

*2024-07-09 00:16:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187993)

A struggle woman questioned how people trust the doctors who had run away from the hospital to enjoy their pleasures without considering the patients admitted to the Emergency Hospital of Chavakachcheri Resource Hospital.

On Monday (08), the responsible doctor of the Chavacherry Resource Hospital should not be replaced by Archana and demanding the resurgence of the hospital's activities.

A woman who participated in the protest has been using this hospital since her young age.

We have learned that the doctors here are over 20 by the present Dr. Arsuna.

...



# Electricity Tax Correction: Oral Commentary Today

*2024-07-09 00:14:08*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/மின்-கட்டணத்-திருத்தம்-வாய்மூல-கருத்துக்-கோரல்-இன்று/175-340066)

The Public Utilities Commission said that people's oral comments on the second proposed electricity tariff for 2024 will be held today.

In a statement issued by the Commission, the Commission said that these comments will be accepted at the Bandaranaike Conference Hall from 9 am to 4.30 pm.

In this regard. (A)



# Vijay Deverakonda came to Sri Lanka

*2024-07-08 23:58:18*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/விஜய்-தேவரகொண்டா-இலங்கை-வந்தார்/175-340065)

South Indian actor Vijay Deverakonda arrived in Sri Lanka today (08).

In this case, Vijay Deverakonda, who came to Sri Lanka, has been welcomed. (A)



# Workers invading Colombo;Tomorrow's massive struggle

*2024-07-08 23:15:09*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/மலையகம்/கொழும்புக்கு-படையெடுக்கும்-தொழிலாளர்கள்-நாளை-பாரிய-போராட்டம்/76-340064)

The plantation workers invading the Colombo -Bambalapitiya will hold a massive protest demanding a salary increase of Rs 1,700.

The protest will take place at 10 am on Tuesday in front of the Plantation Department's Association headquarters in Bambalapitiya.

The Congress plantation committee leaders said that the Ceylon Workers Congress had organized the arrangements.

At the same time, the protest is expected to be pressed to the Plantation Sector Association regarding a salary increase of Rs 1,700.

At the same time, the struggle will be carried out by many plantation workers and plantation committees from Nuwara Eliya district.. Remble



# Chavakachcheri Hospital affair;Douglas published the news

*2024-07-08 23:09:26*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/யாழ்ப்பாணம்/சாவகச்சேரி-வைத்தியசாலை-விவகாரம்-டக்ளஸ்-வெளியிட்ட-செய்தி/71-340063)

Minister Douglas Devananda has said that steps to be taken on the Chavakachcheri Hospital issue will be met with the expectations of the people.

He was speaking at a discussion with Health Minister Rames Pathirana and Governor of the Northern Province Mrs. PMS Charles.

In addition, the hospital's response to the hospital's response to the hospital's response to the hospital was given on vacation to create a smooth environment at the Chavakachcheri Resource Hospital and returned to the doctors who have been involved in the work boycott.

...



# Information about the Athurugiriya shooting

*2024-07-08 22:58:04*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/அத்துருகிரிய-துப்பாக்கிச்-சூடு-தொடர்பில்-திடுக்கிடும்-தகவல்கள்/175-340062)

Shocking reports have been revealed in connection with the shooting incident that took place today (08) in Athurigiriya.

Police suspect that Kanjibani Imran, an organized culprit, is involved in the shooting incident.

On the top floor of the building, about 50 meters from the bell tower at the Athurukiriya city junction, the tattooing station was opened this morning by a tattoo -tattoo man named Dulan Sanjula.

The chief guests were the wife of the famous businessman Surendra Wasantha Perera, his wife and his wife and famous singer K. Sujeeva.

...



# Wannu and Buddhist Penalty Based on LPL Disciplinary Rule

*2024-07-08 22:01:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198615)

The LPLs organizers have taken steps to fines in the captain of the Candy Falcation team, leader of Candy Falcons and Colombo Strokers.

Accordingly, the forest fiferly, a fine of 25 percent of the matches and milk was fined 20 percent.

The LPL organizers work to pay close attention to the discipline of the players who join the Lanka Premier League.

Accordingly, the sportsmen and sports equipment have been taken to pay close attention to players' clothing and sports equipment.

It is in charge of violating the clothes and sports equipment regulations.

Sri Lanka Rupee value is US $ 3600 million.

...



# Athurugiriya shooting: Another vehicle used by suspects found

*2024-07-08 21:30:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100380/athurugiriya-shooting-another-vehicle-used-by-suspects-found-)

A van believed to have been used by the suspects involved in the shooting incident at Athurugiriya this morning (08) has been recovered by police in the Bulathsinhala area.

Based an information received by ‘119’ police emergency hotline today (8) at around 6.15 p.m., the van was discovered in an abandoned property in the Ayagama area of Bulathsinhala.

Reportedly, the van had been driven from Ayagama to Bulathsinhala.

It has been reported that the van in question does not have both front and rear license plates and a copy of the revenue licence is also pasted in the windshield.

...



# Shooters found a van

*2024-07-08 21:13:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198614)

A van used to flee the shotguns in the Athurugiriya was found in the Bulathsinhala Police Division.

The van was found in a deserted land in Bulathsinhala, Ayagama, Ayagama, Bulathsinhala, Ayagama, about 6.15 pm today.

It has been reported that the van has come to the Ayagama to Bulathsinhala, our correspondent said.

There are no front and rear number plates on the van and the revenue license copy is pasted in the front glass.

The shooting took place around 10 am today at the opening of a beauty firm near the clock tower in Athurugiriya town.

Surandra Wasantha Perera alias, or 38, was killed in a famous businessman who shoot shooting.

...



# Time for people tomorrow evening

*2024-07-08 20:35:21*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/மக்களுக்கு-நாளை-மாலை-வரை-அவகாசம்/175-340046)

People's oral comments on the second proposed electricity tariff for 2024 will be held tomorrow (09).

The Commission said in a statement that these comments will be accepted at the Bandaranaike Conference Hall from 9 am to 4.30 pm tomorrow.R



# Digital ticket to Sri Lanka

*2024-07-08 20:28:26*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/இலங்கைக்கு-டிஜிட்டல்-பயணச்-சீட்டு/175-340045)

Secretary of the Ministry of Transport and Highways Ranjith Ganganath Rupasinghe said that a digital distribution system for public transport tickets, including railways, will be introduced by the end of this year.. Remble



# Pulse awarded ‘Social Media Channel of the Year’

*2024-07-08 20:24:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100379/pulse-awarded-social-media-channel-of-the-year)

Sri Lanka’s leading lifestyle platform ‘Pulse.lk’ has been presented with the award for the ‘Social Media Channel of the Year’ at the 5th New Generation Asia Awards 2024 organized by the National Youth Services Council (NYSC) and held in Colombo on Monday.



# PUSUSE Award

*2024-07-08 20:02:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198613)

The National Generation Asia Awards 2024 was organized by the National Youth Services Council.



# Govt to impose taxes on 14 previously untaxed sectors

*2024-07-08 19:57:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100378/govt-to-impose-taxes-on-14-previously-untaxed-sectors)

Sri Lanka’s State Minister of Finance Ranjith Siyambalapitiya stated that the government intends to collect taxes from 14 previously untaxed sectors that have been overlooked until now and to ensure tax compliance from them.

Speaking to reporters in Kegalle, he stated that further inquiries have been commenced in this regard.

The State Minister said that no one has been given an opportunity to evade tax payments and that there has previously never been such a time when such special attention was paid to the paying of taxes.

...



# Internet facilities with satellite technology

*2024-07-08 19:45:51*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/චන්ද්‍රිකා-තාක්ෂණය-උපයෝගී-කරගනිමින්-අන්තර්ජාල-පහසුකම්/11-410679)

Minister of Technology Kanaka Herath said that the launch of unjust strikes near the election is also deprived of the opportunity to study.

The strikes, protesters are expected to answer the opposition to sabotage the concessionary quality of the people.

Minister of Technology Kanaka Herath made this statement participating at a press conference held at the Presidential Media Center today (08).

Since 2022, many large policies and reforms have been implemented by our ministry. We are looking forward to presenting a bills to the Parliament as well as some other bills.

...



# Sanath Jayasuriya appointed as the Interim Chief Instructor of Sri Lanka

*2024-07-08 19:43:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187992)

The 1996 World Cup hero and former captain Sanath Jayasuriya has been appointed as the interim coach of the Sri Lankan cricket team.

Sanath Jayasuriya will serve as the chief coach during the two -limited over -cricket series against India and a three -match Test series against England.

Although Sanath Jayasuriya did not hold the post of instructor before, he was once the chairman of the Sri Lankan team's select committee and became the Cricket Adviser to Sri Lanka Cricket Company before the current post.

...



# By the end of this year, the electronic system will be introduced for public transport services including trains- Ranjith Ganganath Rupasinghe

*2024-07-08 19:38:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187991)

Secretary of the Ministry of Transport and Highways Ranjith Ganganath Rubasinghe said that by the end of this year, the electronic system will be introduced instead of a ticket in public transport services, including trains.

Speaking at a press conference held at the Presidential Media Center today (08) under the theme "Two Years Progress and Future"

Secretary of the Ministry of Transport and Highways Ranjith Ganganath Rubasinghe said this.

...



# Today we are in a milestone that science and Dhamma

*2024-07-08 19:33:26*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/අද-අප-සිටින්නේ-විද්‍යාව-සහ-ධර්මය-එකට-මුණ-ගැසෙන-සංධිස්ථානයකයි/11-410677)

The Buddha's sermon is included in the newness of the world today

Today, we are in a milestone that science and Dhamma.

A new institution is to look into the relationship between the Buddha's Sermon and Scientific World - President Mahinda Rajapaksa says.

President Ranil Wickremesinghe said that Buddhism and technology is a great relationship between the modern scientific and technology that we are traveling now and that we are traveling in the face of the future.

...



# More information on shooting in the turbulent inventory

*2024-07-08 19:32:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198612)

Police suspect that the shooting of a group of tattout center in Athurugiriya has been involved in an organized criminal.

From the clock tower in the Athurugiriya Town Junction, the upstairs of the building, the skin, and a tative institution was opened this morning.

It is the chief guests, a well-known businessman Sorchandra Wasantha Perera alias Club Wasantha and his wife and popular singer K. Mrs. Sujeewa was invited.

It reverses a white car about 10.15 am on the Oruwala Road, redirect the cloud from the round the road near the road near the building.

...



# Japan begins with light railway project

*2024-07-08 19:30:02*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/සැහැල්ලු-දුම්රිය-ව්‍යාපෘතිය-ගැන-ජපානය-සමග-සාකච්ඡා-අරඹයි/11-410676)

Secretary Transport and Highways Ministry Secretary Ranjith Ganganath Rubasinghe said that an electronic method was introduced to issue public transport tickets including the rail before the end of this year.

Secretary to the Ministry of Transport and Highways Ranjith Ganganath Rubasinghe said this at a press conference held at the Presidential Media Center today (08) at the Presidential Media Center.

He added that the government has provided Rs..

Secretary to the Ministry of Transport and Highways Ranjith Ganganath Rubasinghe said,

...



# Slave Island opens new flyover this week

*2024-07-08 19:25:51*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/කොම්පඤ්ඤවීදිය-නව-ගුවන්-පාලම-මේ-සතියේදී-ජනතා-අයිතියට/11-410675)

Director General of the Road Development Authority will be vested with the second phase of fighter constructions, connecting Slave Island, Judge Akbar Mawatha and UK.. P. Muriya Bandara said Muriya Bandara.

He added that Kohuwala flyover will be declared open to the public and that the port bells on the first month will be completed in September Ceylon.

He was speaking at a press conference held at the President's media centers.

...



# Salary of Public Servants Rs. Increase in Rs. 280 billion

*2024-07-08 19:20:26*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/රාජ්‍ය-සේවක-වැටුප-රු--20000කින්-වැඩි-කරන්න-රු-බිලියන-280ක්-ඕන/11-410674)

General Treasury Secretary Mahinda Siriwardena that the proposal will be increased by 20% - 21% to the strike, if the public servants who request public servants.He said.

The General Treasury secretary was speaking at the Presidential Secretariat today (08) under the patronage of President Ranil Wickremesinghe today.

A few trade unions have taken on several demands on the public service, the President's attention was held at the discussion and discussed the positive solutions to be given to the trade unions.

...



# The Palestinians Have Exposed The Zionist Tentacles

*2024-07-08 19:16:29*

[colombotelegraphcom](https://www.colombotelegraph.com/index.php/the-palestinians-have-exposed-the-zionist-tentacles/)

“What we know about how these children are being treated is unacceptable, but what we don’t know could be even worse.” ~ Jason Lee, Save the Children

...



# Salary of Public Servants Rs. Increase 20,000 VAT to do 22 percent

*2024-07-08 18:59:36*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/රාජ්‍ය-සේවක-වැටුප-රු--20-000ක්-වැඩි-කරන්න-වැට්-බද්ද-සියයට-22ක්-කරන්න-වෙනවා/11-410672)

Minister of State Shehan Semasinghe says that Rs.. The Minister pointed out that the existing VAT rate should be increased by 4%, the current VAT rate should be increased by 4%, the tax rate to 22%.. The Minister said that the corporate tax rate should be placed 42%.

...



# Sri Lanka cabinet nod for India-funded ID card project; proposal sent to Indian HC: State Min

*2024-07-08 18:53:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-cabinet-nod-for-india-funded-id-card-project-proposal-sent-to-indian-hc-state-min-171293/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka’s Cabinet of Ministers has approved a revised India-funded Unique Identity Card project after several months of scrutiny and a proposal has been sent to Indian High Commission, State Technology Minister Kanaka Herath said.

Technology Ministry which is handling the project has been long waiting for clearance from Public Security Ministry and the Cabinet to go ahead with the  dragged India-funded Unique ID card project.

...



# Attempts in democracy have been thwarted - Harshana Rajakaruna

*2024-07-08 18:45:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187969)

Attempts to take up in democracy have been thwarted. The court has made the best decision. United People's Power MP Harshana Rajakaruna said the government was forced to hold elections in time.

He further stated at a press conference held at the Opposition Leader's Office in Colombo on Monday (08).

President Ranil Wickremesinghe is trying to not hold elections. The General Secretary and the General Secretary of the United National Party continued to make such comments. Those who claimed that Ranil Wickremesinghe was the only candidate, and began to say that the election should not be held.

...



# The proposed fact, unity and reconciliation commission bill is possible to be presented in Parliament before elections

*2024-07-08 18:42:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187982)

It is reliable sources that the Interim Secretariat of the Truth and Reconciliation Mechanism is intended to submit the proposed fact, unity and reconciliation commission's Bill in the coming August -September, before elections.

The interim secretariat officials of the Truth and Reconciliation Mechanism, headed by Dr. Asanga Gunawansa, have visited various parts of the country, including the North and East, as the government is actively carrying out the work of establishing the Truth, Unity and Reconciliation Commission in the country.

...



# Special Secretariat headed by the Secretary of President

*2024-07-08 18:37:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187986)

A special secretary has been established under the leadership of the President's Secretary to expedite the activities of the Office of the Disappeared and provide necessary cooperation.

Attorney -at -Law Jeganathan, Chief Executive Officer of the Office of Missing Persons, said that the work includes major state institutions and NGOs including the International Red Cross.

He also explained that the work will be carried out through the work, including the ease of the order of the missing persons, the expedition of its activities, and the necessary cooperation to carry out appropriate action.

...



# The student who drives the student from the Ultar complex claims to be suspicious

*2024-07-08 18:22:36*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/අල්ටෙයාර්-සංකීර්ණයෙන්-පැන්න-සිසුවාගේ-හා-සිසුවියගේ-මරණය-සැක-සහිත-බවට-අධිකරණයට-කියයි/11-410671)

Fort Magistrate Kosala Senadheera today (08) informed the Fort Magistrate Kosala Senadheera today (08).

The rejected magistrate to allow a personal complaint at the time of a question of the death of the Slave Island Police, the lawyer had informed the lawyer.

Attorney attorney Asanka Dayaratne, who had fallen from the 67th floor of Altaard 'Apartment Complex, said his client's son had died in the incident and his client had been suspected of suspicion.

Attorney atnal Asanka Dayaratne asked his client to make a complaint to the client in connection with the incident.

...



# Hiranthi arrested

*2024-07-08 18:15:40*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/හිරන්ති-අත්අඩංගුවට/11-410670)

A woman who has been expedited money in the United States is arrested by the Special Investigation Division of the Sri Lanka Bureau of Foreign Employment (Special Investigation) at Vavuniya yesterday (7/7).

A resident of Bogaswewa said he could offer jobs in the US that had been provided with Rs.. Accordingly, officials of the Bureau of Special Investigation Division of the Special Investigation Division of the Bureau were reported to the Malkade Court of Colombo against the respective woman.

...



# The term of the President's tenure is 5 years old - Supreme Court rules

*2024-07-08 18:11:07*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/ජනපතිවරයාගේ-ධුර-කාලය-අවුරුදු-5යි---ශ්‍රේෂ්ඨාධිකරණයෙන්-තීන්දුවක්/11-410669)

According to the Constitution, the Supreme Court to be interpreted to the President's term of the President's term to avert the presidential election by holding the presidential election by holding the presidential election by holding the presidential election, the Fundamental Rights Petition filed by an entrepreneur was imposed yesterday (08).

The Supreme Court who pointed out that the judiciary was a clear decision regarding the realization of the President, the Supreme Court was a lack of an entrepreneur and subordinated herself to a liturbis.

...



# Landslides kill 12 on Indonesia’s Sulawesi island, 18 missing

*2024-07-08 17:48:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100377/-landslides-kill-12-on-indonesias-sulawesi-island-18-missing)

At least 12 people died and 18 are missing after a torrential rain caused a landslide in an illegal gold mine over the weekend in Indonesia’s Sulawesi island, officials said on Monday.

The landslide on Sunday morning in Suwawa district, Gorontalo province, killed miners and residents living near the illegal mine, said Heriyanto, head of the local rescue agency (Basarnas).

Five survivors had been evacuated, he said, adding that a rescue team was searching for 18 missing people on Monday.

...



# Last Memology of Club Wasantha

*2024-07-08 17:45:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198611)

Sorchandra Wasantha Perera alias Kubsantha, or another, was killed in a shooting in Athurugiriya.

Athurugiriya's clock pointing was nearing a celebration company at a cost of beauty agency, and the shooting was said in a photo taken shortly before the shooting.



# Here are 14 brand new fields

*2024-07-08 17:39:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198610)

State Minister Ranjith Siyambalapitiya says that he will pay attention to 14 unimputers who have not been paid.

Speaking to the media in Kegalle, he said that investigations have been started.

No

"In the last year, we bring in 14 fields to register for paying taxes. There are large-scale tuition classes, private schools, private medical services, Engineering Services, Survey Services in Oya 14. Therefore, the Local Income Tax department continues a clear investigation into the income of all those registered in the 14. "



# Many Facets Of Madam Blavatsky: A Mystic? A Spy Or A Fraud?

*2024-07-08 17:21:37*

[colombotelegraphcom](https://www.colombotelegraph.com/index.php/many-facets-of-madam-blavatsky-a-mystic-a-spy-or-a-fraud/)

...



# Bore. Recovery of a woman's body from the priests beach.

*2024-07-08 17:21:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187977)

The body of a woman has been recovered on Monday (08) from the Kurukammadam beach belonging to the Kaluwanchikudi police division of the Batticaloa district, Kaluwanchikudi police said.

Police rushed to the scene after receiving information that the body of a woman had been left in the shore at the beach of the priests.

The body of the body is about 40 -year -old woman and the man has not yet been identified, police said.

In addition, the body will be taken to the hospital with a court order and is seeking public help to identify the body.



# Sajith Premadasa opened electronic classrooms in Mannar

*2024-07-08 17:20:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187973)

The Smart Class Room program was held on Monday (8) through the Opposition Leader MP Sajith Premadasa's universe program.

During this time, the Smart Class Room, which was set up in the schools of Dharapuram, Tarapuram and Siddhivinayagar, was opened and handed over to the students.

Opposition leader Sajith Premadasa inaugurated the SMART classrooms with parliamentarian Rishad Bathiudeh.

In addition, a volume of English books required for the libraries of the schools have been provided and Rs.



# K. Sujeewa’s condition is stable - National Hospital

*2024-07-08 17:13:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100376/k-sujeewas-condition-is-stable-national-hospital)

The two patients who were transferred to the Colombo National Hospital after being injured in the shooting at Athurugiriya are currently receiving treatment in the hospital’s Intensive Care Unit (ICU), according to Deputy Director of the Colombo National Hospital Dr. Rukshan Bellana.

He further mentioned that a woman and a man were admitted to the Emergency Treatment Unit and both of them had sustained injuries from the waist down.

Dr. Bellana also said that although the wound on the woman’s leg is quite serious, her condition is now in a stable level.

...



# Nonsense. Parthiban's 'Teens' image tweaks

*2024-07-08 17:13:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187976)

Actor - Director - Producer - Poetry - Lyricist. Ikki Pikki, who is ready for the upcoming film 'Teens', which will be released in the world worldwide on the 12th of this month.. 'The song' and the lyrical video for the song have been released.

Eight men and five females from Vararilam in the film 'Deens', directed by director Ira Parthiban, have made their debut as heroes of the story.. Cvemic Are is a cinematography by T.. Iman has composed music.

Producers Caldwell Vel Nambi, Dr. Balaswaminathan, Dr Pinchi Srinivasan, Ranjith Dandapani. Parthiban has co -produced.

...



# Appreciation For Lionel Fernando

*2024-07-08 17:10:33*

[colombotelegraphcom](https://www.colombotelegraph.com/index.php/appreciation-for-lionel-fernando/)

Lionel Fernando was more than a public servant; he was a beacon of humanity and national integration in Sri Lanka. As a top official who held numerous positions in public service, local government, and diplomacy, his career was a testament to his dedication to his country and its people. My admiration for Lionel began long before our personal encounters, rooted in his transformative tenure as the first Sinhala Government Agent in Jaffna during the 1970s. His service-oriented approach endeared him to the Tamil communities, illustrating his commitment to bridging ethnic divides and fostering unity.

...



# Paradise: Reading The Layered Symphony Of Politics & Passion

*2024-07-08 17:03:38*

[colombotelegraphcom](https://www.colombotelegraph.com/index.php/paradise-reading-the-layered-symphony-of-politics-passion/)

(the song played at the end of the film “Paradise” written by Anwar Ali, sung by Pavithra and music composition by K).

Emerging from the shadowed theatre, they may step into the brilliance of newfound understanding. This light, a metaphor for the newly acquired wisdom casts brighter hue on the world around them. Anyone who leaves the screening of “Paradise” by Prasanna Vithanage will surely gaze upon the world with fresh, enlightened eyes.

...



# Sri Lanka govt to amend to TRC Act to accommodate Elon Musk’s Starlink

*2024-07-08 17:01:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-govt-to-amend-to-trc-act-to-accommodate-elon-musks-starlink-171278/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka is in the process of amending its Telecommunications Regulatory Commission (TRC) Act to accommodate Starlink satellite system found by billionaire head of SpaceX and Tesla.

The island nation has already granted preliminary approval for Starlink to provide satellite-based internet services in the country, following a formal public consultation process. The move came after President Ranil Wickremesinghe met Musk in the sideline the 10th World Water Forum in Indonesia two months ago.

However, Sri Lanka’s TRC law has no provision to grant licence for a third party to operate telecommunication services.

...



# Sri Lanka public transport to get e-ticketing by end-2024: Official

*2024-07-08 17:00:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-public-transport-to-get-e-ticketing-by-end-2024-official-171265/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka’s public transport fares will move to an e-ticket system by the end of this year, a senior transport official has said.

“An electronic ticketing system for public transport services, including trains, will be introduced before the end of the year,” Secretary of the Ministry of Transport and Highways, RG Rubasinghe told reporters on Monday.

Sri Lanka has been talking of moving to an e-ticketing for state buses to stop revenue theft by bus conductors.

“Some conductors take a portion of the money home,” Minister of Transport Bandula Gunawardana told reporters earlier this year.

...



# Sri Lanka rupee closes stronger at 304.35/50 to US dollar

*2024-07-08 16:56:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-rupee-closes-stronger-at-304-35-50-to-us-dollar-171274/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka’s rupee closed slightly stronger at 304.35/50 to the US dollar on Monday, down from 304.45/75 to the US dollar on Friday, dealers said, while bond yields were unchanged.

A bond maturing on 15.12.2026 closed stable at 10.70/85 percent.

A bond maturing on 15.09.2029 closed at 11.98/12.08 percent from 11.95/12.05 percent. (Colombo/Jul8/2024)



# Gold mine tragedy - a loss of many lives

*2024-07-08 16:33:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198609)

At least 11 people were killed and 19 others went missing in a landslide in Indonesia.

The landslide has taken place in a gold mine in the windsion island area with excessive heavy rains.

A total of 35 persons have been laundering in landslides and five of them survived.

The bodies of 11 deceased have been recovered and the number of people who have found the missing have started investigations.



# Govt says salary hike for public servants not possible this year; VAT increase required

*2024-07-08 16:20:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100375/govt-says-salary-hike-for-public-servants-not-possible-this-year-vat-increase-required-)

The Secretary to the Treasury Mahinda Siriwardana stated that granting the salary increase demanded by striking public servants would necessitate raising the current Value Added Tax (VAT) rate from 18% to between 20% and 21%.

He emphasized that the government cannot impose such a burden on the public. Mr. Siriwardana made these remarks during a discussion held today (08) at the Presidential Secretariat, chaired by President Ranil Wickremesinghe, concerning the demands of public service trade unions, according to the President’s Media Division (PMD).

...



# Sri Lanka stocks close down, Hemas and Sampath push turnover

*2024-07-08 16:17:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-stocks-close-down-hemas-and-sampath-push-turnover-171260/)

ECONOMYNEXT – The Colombo Stock Exchange closed down on Monday, data on its site showed.

The broader All Share Index closed down 0.56 percent, or 68.05 points, at 12,076; while the more liquid S&P SL20 Index closed down 0.63 percent, or 22.71 points, at 3,565.

Most of this came from two crossings: Hemas Holdings Plc (Rs125mn), and the share closed up at 81.40. The other was Sampath Bank Plc, which closed down at 77.90.

“A large part of this came from foreign buying interest,” Softlogic Stockbrokers said. “There is foreign interest around selected, good counters. And this is what is driving the market these days.”

...



# Action to Introduce Electronic Distribution to Public Transport Tickets

*2024-07-08 16:16:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187967)

Ranjith Ganganath Rupasinghe, Secretary to the Ministry of Transport and Express, said that the electronic distribution system will be introduced to purchase public transport ticket, including train.

He was speaking at a media briefing held at the Presidential Media Center on Monday (08).



# Govt. Amendments to Public Servant Salaries

*2024-07-08 16:03:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198608)

Treasury Secretary Mahinda Siriwardena says that if the public servants who request public servants on strike will increase the existing 18% to 21%.

He added that the government is not capable of achieving such a request by oppressing the public.

He was speaking at a discussion held at the Presidential Secretariat under the patronage of President Ranil Wickremesinghe today (08) under the patronage of President Ranil Wickremesinghe.

Secretary to the Treasury Secretary is expected to revise the public service for the year 2025 this year due to the present budgetary allocation.Have been emphasized.



# K. The latest news about Sujeewa's health condition

*2024-07-08 15:32:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198607)

Deputy Director of the Colombo National Hospital Dr. Rukshan has been admitted to the Colombo National Hospital after the shooting of the Athurugiriya.

The doctor added that the accident had been included in the accident and a man, and the two had injured.



# Eight parties qualify to bid for Sri Lanka’s Litro Gas

*2024-07-08 15:14:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/eight-parties-qualify-to-bid-for-sri-lankas-litro-gas-171258/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka’s State-Owned Enterprises Restructuring Unit said eight parties were qualified to bid for Litro Gas Lanka and Litro Terminals (Pvt) Limited.

A special Cabinet Appointed Negotiating Committee had approved the following bidders to progress to the requests for proposals stage.

VIII. Infinity Holdings, Infinity Holdings Sidecar 1 and National Gas Company Saog

An expression of interest for Litro Gas drew 14 bidders. (Colombo/July08/2024)



# At least 20 dead in Russian attack on Ukraine cities

*2024-07-08 15:12:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100374/at-least-20-dead-in-russian-attack-on-ukraine-cities)

At least 20 people have been killed after Russia launched a massive missile attack against cities across Ukraine, according to officials.

In the capital, Kyiv, at least seven people were killed in a rare daytime attack. The city’s mayor said a children’s hospital was hit by the missile strike and was being evacuated.

The head of the military administration in the central Ukrainian city of Kryvyi Rih said at least 10 people had been killed there, with three killed in the eastern town of Pokrovsk.

Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky, who is visiting Poland, said that Russia had fired some 40 missiles at targets across the country.

...



# Wasantha's shotter's shotgungeon gone

*2024-07-08 14:49:43*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/වසන්තගේ-වෙඩික්කරුවන්-ආ-වාහනය-මහමග-දමා-යති/11-410668)

Police say that the shooting was taken to be shot from the Ouwana area in Athurugiriya stopped the shooters.. Club spring and two others were killed and four others were injured. The vehicle has fled the site and fled from another vehicle.



# The 3-year-old sigil falls and dies after falling into the water tank

*2024-07-08 14:48:14*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/අවුරුදු-3-වයසැති-සිගිති-දරැවා-තම-නිවසේ-ජල-ටැංකියට-ඇඳ-වැටී-මිය-යයි/11-410667)

A three-year-old Siggle was killed last night (7) and died on the hazardous water tank at around 8 pm yesterday.The deceased has been identified as Signeka, Samarakoon Mudiyanseee Lamanse, a resident of No. 44 / C5, Wickrama Mawatha, Eastern Middeniya.

The mother of the child has been summoned to the water tank to wash their lives, to wash their limes, to wash their lives, to wash their lives, to wash their lives, to wash their lives, and to sleep. The mother of a nine-year-old child had gone to the house with the eldest child while near the water tank.

...



# Napolian Bonaparte's pistols are auctioned at a record price

*2024-07-08 14:07:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198606)

Two pistols owned by Emperor Napoleon Bonaparted have been auctioned for 1.69 million.

It is said that he tried to commit suicide using these pistols.

Louis-Maran Mashey, who lived in Paris, was expected to receive a bid between 1.2 to 1.5 million euro.

The pistol auction was in the background of the Ministry of French and prohibiting them as national objects.

Accordingly, the French government receives 30 months to purchase those pistols from the new owner.



# The brotherhood he went to blood relative

*2024-07-08 14:01:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198605)

His 15-year-old schoolgirl reported to save a small son who was fishing in the well and rescued a small son who was drowning.

The well had fallen into the village of Palakumbukkadawala, Puttalam, a small son.

The school student of the well was to be saved in the well, and the schoolgirl named Sasadre Nimsara has jumped into the well.

The four-year-old child who left the house from playing with him and saw that it was not home to the well and see the water to the well.

The villagers say the little son may have even lost the lives of a small son.

...



# Car used in Athurugiriya shooting found in Kaduwela

*2024-07-08 13:59:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100372/car-used-in-athurugiriya-shooting-found-in-kaduwela)

The car used in the Athurugiriya shooting incident, which resulted in the deaths of two individuals including Surendra Wasantha Perera also known as ‘Club Wasantha’, has been found in the Koratota area in Kaduwela by the police.

The shooting had occurred during the opening ceremony of a beauty salon near the Clock Tower in Athurugiriya. Six persons were rushed to hospital following the shooting.

However, police later confirmed that well-known businessman 55-year-old Surendra Wasantha Perera, also known as “Club Wasantha,” and a 38-year-old male had succumbed to injuries on admission to the hospital.

...



# Sri Lanka Supreme Court dismisses petition on presidential election: report

*2024-07-08 13:52:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-supreme-court-dismisses-petition-on-presidential-election-report-171255/)

ECONOMYNEXT — The petition filed in Sri Lanka’s Supreme Court seeking a determination on the term limit of the president has been dismissed by the apex court, media reports said.

A five-judge bench delivered the verdict on the petition Monday July 08 afternoon. The bench was headed by Chief Justice Jayantha Jayasuriya.

Last week, President Ranil Wickremesinghe said he believes the president’s term is five years, expressing his support for holding the presidential election in 2024 and disavowing the aforesaid case filed in the Supreme Court seeking a verdict stating that a president’s term is six years.

...



# The car is found the car

*2024-07-08 13:42:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198604)

The car to shooting the shooting in the Athurugiriya has been recovered while she had been thrown out of Koratatota.

The shooting around 10 am today (08) had been shot in a ceremony to open a beauty firm near the clock torch.

Surandra Wasantha Perera alias, or 38, was killed in a famous businessman who shoot shooting.

They are residents of Colombo 07 and Athurugiriya, police said.

The shooting was also wounded by a famous singer Kueli Ku Pueva and two others were injured.

A woman and a man is receiving treatment at the Colombo National Hospital while other women are receiving treatment at the Homagama Hospital.

...



# President's term: petition dismissed

*2024-07-08 13:36:32*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/ஜனாதிபதியின்-பதவிக்காலம்-மனு-தள்ளுபடி/175-340037)

The Supreme Court has dismissed a petition filed by the Supreme Court seeking to prevent the presidential election, until the president's term is over.



# Ti 56 firearms to shoot at Club spring

*2024-07-08 13:31:11*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/ක්ලබ්-වසන්ත-ඇතුළු-පිරිසට-වෙඩි-තියන්න-ටි-56-ගිනි-අවි-දෙකක්-යොදාගෙන/11-410666)

People who came to shoot the business Club Wasantha and others T. 56 Two firearms have been used. They have come from a car and shoot and then there are relatives.

Club spring and another have been killed by this shooting. Singramistic K. Sujah ​​and another male has been admitted to the Colombo National Hospital.

Two more injured women have been admitted to the Homagama Hospital.



# Supreme Court dismisses FR petition seeking to delay Presidential Election

*2024-07-08 13:23:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100371/supreme-court-dismisses-fr-petition-seeking-to-delay-presidential-election)

The fundamental rights (FR) petition filed by businessman C.D. Lenawa seeking an order preventing the calling of a Presidential Election until the Supreme Court delivers its interpretation on the date of the presidential poll, has been dismissed by a five-member Supreme Court judge bench headed by the Chief Justice.

Earlier today, the Supreme Court concluded the hearing of the FR petition and the intervening petitions while the verdict in the case was announced by the Supreme Court at 12.30 p.m. today.

The petition was filed by an entrepreneur named C.D. Lenawa last Wednesday (3).

...



# Petition relating to the president's term of office is dismissed

*2024-07-08 13:13:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198603)

The Supreme Court decided to dismiss the presidential election to issue an order to issue a prevention of the presidential election until the presidential election was given to the presidential election.

The petitioner has also been ordered to be placed in court within a month.

The order issued the order by Chief Justice Jayantha Jayasuriya.

An entrepreneur of C. D. Mr. Levy had presented the petition.



# Athurugiriya shooting CCTV footage out

*2024-07-08 13:08:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198602)

The shooting CCTV scen in Athurugiriya has been released to the media this morning.

Surestra Wasantha Perera, a famous businessman in Athurugiriya, died of Club Wasantha.

Five others were injured in the shooting and was injured and a famous singer Kijeevisa.

Athurium Town of Athurugiriya

Six persons were injured in the shooting were immediately admitted to the Homagama Hospital and the Colombo National Hospital.

Club was killed while another deceased after another.

The vehicle said that the suspects arrived in the vehicle, police said.



# Land, truth & reconciliation commission bills ready for parliament: president

*2024-07-08 12:50:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/land-truth-reconciliation-commission-bills-ready-for-parliament-president-171240/)

ECONOMYNEXT — Bills for the proposed Truth, Unity and Reconciliation Commission and National Land Commission are ready to be submitted to parliament and an agreement has also been reached on the proposed Jana Sabha system, President Ranil Wickremesinghe said.

Speaking at the funeral of former opposition leader and leader of the Tamil National Alliance (TNA) R Sampanthan, Wickremesinghe said the government has newly proposed decentralising maximum power within the framework of the 13th amendment in the distribution of power, with the report of the Nawaz Commission also to be discussed.

...



# Sri Lanka Pediatricians urge caution on reporting traumatic incidents related to children

*2024-07-08 12:49:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-pediatricians-urge-caution-on-reporting-traumatic-incidents-related-to-children-171244/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka’s collective of paediatricians point out that responsible media coverage should safeguard fundamental rights and privacy of children in the country.

The Sri Lanka College of Paediatricians issued a statement underscoring the importance of protecting the rights, dignity, and privacy of children in the country, after the tragic deaths of two 15-year-olds.

Ensuing media coverage of the incident included CCTV footage, photos and unsubstantiated stories about the two teens broadcasted.

...



# SC concludes hearing of petition seeking to delay Presidential Election

*2024-07-08 12:46:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100370/sc-concludes-hearing-of-petition-seeking-to-delay-presidential-election-)

The hearing of the fundamental rights (FR) petition filed by businessman C.D. Lenawa seeking an order preventing the calling of a Presidential election until the Supreme Court delivers its interpretation on the date of the Presidential poll, and the intervening petitions has been concluded.

Accordingly, the verdict in the case will be announced by the Supreme Court at 12.30 p.m. today.

The petition was filed by an entrepreneur named C.D. Lenawa last Wednesday (3).

...



# "Two IMPs

*2024-07-08 12:40:02*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/ஐ-ம-ச-எம்-பிக்கள்-இருவர்-தாவுவர்/175-340035)

A United People's Power MP said today (08) that the two MPs of the United People's Power will be rewarded on the dollars.

United People's Power MP Harshana Rajakaruna said that an MP from the Gampaha district and another from the Kalutara district will go to the government soon.

“These political prostitutes have fallen on concessions, including cash rewards on US dollars,” said Parliamentarian Rajakaruna.

"We are going to lose only a few MPs, but many are ready to give up their positions and go to the opposition," he added.



# Schools running tomorrow

*2024-07-08 12:33:51*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/பாடசாலைகள்-நாளை-இயங்கும்/175-340034)

The Ministry of Education has announced that all schools will run tomorrow (09) as usual. Chancellor and teachers will jump on a sick holiday struggle tomorrow (09). In this case, the Ministry of Education has announced the above.



# Another killed in shooting in Athurugiriya

*2024-07-08 12:20:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198601)

Another person was killed in a shooting in Athurugiriya.

The shooting took place around 10 am today (08), where the famous businessman, Sorchandra Wasantha Perera, or Club Wasantha died.

Five more were injured in the shooting and was injured and a popular singer Kijeevisa.

The shooting of a beauty agency is nearing a beauty firm near the clock stance in Athurugiriya.

Six persons were injured in the shooting were immediately admitted to the Homagama Hospital and the Colombo National Hospital.

Club spring died, and another injured have died.

The vehicle said that the suspects arrived in the vehicle, police said.



# The decision to consider the presidency on the presidency in a short time

*2024-07-08 12:19:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198600)

The petition and its intermediate petitions have been completed by the Presidential election until the Presidential election is given a manifestation of the presidential election.

The Supreme Court verdict will be announced today at 12.30 pm.



# Notice issued on functioning of schools tomorrow

*2024-07-08 12:13:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100369/notice-issued-on-functioning-of-schools-tomorrow)

The Ministry of Education states that government schools across the island will function as usual tomorrow (9).

This was communicated in a statement issued by the Ministry of Education today (8).

Meanwhile, it is reported that teacher-principal trade unions are scheduled to engage in trade union action by reporting ‘sick’ tomorrow.



# Child killed

*2024-07-08 12:10:40*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/நீர்த்-தொட்டியில்-விழுந்து-குழந்தை-பலி/175-340032)

A three -year -old child died in the water tank of the house in the Methena area.

The mother of the deceased child has taken her nine -year -old child and a three -year -old child to the place where the water tank is outside the house.

The mother who took a nine -year -old child after taking a bath and took a three -year -old child near the water tank.

The mother who came out was taken to the Meethena Hospital when she searched for a three -year -old child.

Hospital officials said the child died without treatment.



# Demonstration in favor of doctor Archana

*2024-07-08 12:00:46*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/வைத்தியர்-அர்ச்சுனாவுக்கு-ஆதரவாக-ஆர்ப்பாட்டம்/175-340030)

A massive people struggle is being carried out in front of the Chavakachcheri Resource Hospital on Monday (08) demanding that the doctor not transfer Archana.

In this case, the authorities prevented the doctor from supplying water. In this case his health was ill. Since then, the protesters have again crossed the street and engaged in a protest.

It is noteworthy that the road shutdown has been abandoned as the doctor has been given water.



# Demonstration in favor of doctor Archana

*2024-07-08 12:00:46*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/வைத்தியர்-அர்ச்சனாவுக்கு-ஆதரவாக-ஆர்ப்பாட்டம்/175-340030)

A massive mass struggle is being carried out in front of the Chavakachcheri Resource Hospital on Monday (08) demanding that the doctor not transfer Archana.

In this case, the authorities prevented the doctor from supplying water. In this case his health was ill. Since then, the protesters have again crossed the street and engaged in a protest.

It is noteworthy that the road shutdown has been abandoned as the doctor has been given water.



# Ministry announced tomorrow

*2024-07-08 11:58:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198599)

The Ministry of Education has issued a statement regarding the conducting schools tomorrow (09).

The announcement states that all government schools will be held tomorrow.



# Sri Lanka presidential election will be held in 2024 despite legal challenges: president

*2024-07-08 11:57:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-presidential-election-will-be-held-in-2024-despite-legal-challenges-president-171232/)

ECONOMYNEXT — Sri Lanka’s presidential election will be held in 2024 regardless of legal challenges, President Ranil Wickremesinghe said.

The President’s Media Division (PMD) quoted Wickremesinghe as saying that parliamentary elections and provincial councils will follow the presidential poll.

He made this remark at the funeral of former opposition leader and leader of the Tami National Alliance (TNA) R Sampanthan in Trincomalee on Sunday July 07.

...



# Sri Lanka central bank extends deadline for updating depositor unique identification number

*2024-07-08 11:45:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-central-bank-extends-deadline-for-updating-depositor-unique-identification-number-171207/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka’s central bank has mandated all licensed banks and licensed finance companies to record unique identification numbers for depositors when opening or maintaining deposit accounts, and to update the unique identification numbers of existing depositors.

This was initially announced from October 1, 2022. The deadline for updating the unique identification numbers of existing depositors has been extended to December 31, 2024.

Depositors must now use the following mandatory unique identification numbers when opening or maintaining deposit accounts with licensed banks and licensed finance companies:

...



# Club spring dies in a shooting

*2024-07-08 11:42:08*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/වෙඩි-තැබීමකින්-ක්ලබ්-වසන්ත-මිය-යයි-ගායන-ශිල්පිනි-කේ-සුජීවාට-බරපතල-තුවාල/11-410665)

Two were killed and six injured in a shot of shooting in Athurugiriya, Athurugala.

Surendra Wasantha alias or Club spring died, a famous businessman who has faced shooting and is a popular singer K. Another person from the Jatick Hospital, police said.

The shooting has taken place at the opening of a business station and the shotters had fled from a car.

Two injured were still receiving treatment at Homagama Hospital



# Club Wasantha Dissa Risha Arts

*2024-07-08 11:42:08*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/වෙඩිතැබීමකින්-ක්ලබ්-වසන්ත-මියයි-ගායන-ශිල්පිනි-කේ-සුජීවාට-බරපතල-තුවාල/11-410665)

Two were killed and six injured in a shot of shooting in Athurugiriya, Athurugala.

Surendra Wasantha alias or Club spring died, a famous businessman who has faced shooting and is a popular singer K. Another person from the Jatick Hospital, police said.

The shooting has taken place at the opening of a business station and the shotters had fled from a car.

Two injured were still receiving treatment at Homagama Hospital



# Interim petition from Wimal

*2024-07-08 11:41:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198598)

The Leader of the National Freedom Front, MP Wimal Weerawansa has filed a interim petition demanding the defense of the "Dupasthana" ordered the presidential election.

The 19th Amendment to the Constitution was the intention of the Parliament that the President's term was limited to five years.

The JNP's leader has filed the same interim petition.

Attorneys-at-Law Gamathu Karinasena, Shnali Dias, Nimashi Fernando and the Supreme Court was filed by the Supreme Court today to refute the presidential election.



# Presidential election: Petition to reject petition

*2024-07-08 11:34:45*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/ஜனாதிபதி-தேர்தல்-மனு-மனுவை-நிராகரிக்குமாறு-மனு/175-340028)

The Attorney General today filed a petition in the Supreme Court to reject the petition, as the Attorney General has raised the initial objections against the fundamental rights petition seeking a ban on the Elections Commission to hold the 2024 presidential election.

The request was made by the Deputy Solicitor General Kanishka de Silva, who appeared on behalf of the Elections Commission, when the funded petition filed by trader Samindra Dayan Lenawa was taken up in the presence of a panel of judges headed by Chief Justice Jayantha Jayasuriya.



# 11 Divisional Secretariats

*2024-07-08 11:32:44*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/11-பிரதேச-செயலகங்களுக்கு-மண்சரிவு-எச்சரிக்கை/175-340027)

The landslide warning issued to 11 Divisional Secretariats in the Kalutara and Ratnapura districts will be in effect on Monday (08) afternoon, the National Building Research Institute said.

The warning has been issued due to heavy rains in some parts of the country.

Accordingly, the landslide warning has been issued to the Ingiriya Pulathsingha, Matugama and Balindanuwara Divisional Secretariat Divisions of the Kalutara District and the Divisional Secretariat of the Ratnapura District, Ratnapura, Kuruvita, Kiriella, Ayyagama, Alabatha and Ehaliyagoda.



# Landslide warning to 11 Divisional Secretariat Divisions

*2024-07-08 11:32:44*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/11-பிரதேச-செயலக-பிரிவுகளுக்கு-மண்சரிவு-எச்சரிக்கை/175-340027)

The landslide warning issued to 11 Divisional Secretariats in Kalutara and Ratnapura districts will be in effect on Monday (08) afternoon, the National Building Research Institute said.

The warning has been issued due to heavy rains in some parts of the country.

Accordingly, the landslide warning has been issued to the Ingiriya Pulathsingha, Matugama and Balindanuwara Divisional Secretariat Divisions of the Kalutara District and the Divisional Secretariat of the Ratnapura District, Ratnapura, Kuruvita, Kiriella, Ayyagama, Alabatha and Ehaliyagoda.



# Sri Lanka leader hands over India-funded smart classrooms ahead of election

*2024-07-08 11:29:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-leader-hands-over-india-funded-smart-classrooms-ahead-of-election-171211/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka President Ranil Wickremesinghe, emulating the island nation’s opposition leader, handed over smart classrooms to Southern Provincial state schools as he is eyeing to contest in a grand independent coalition.

Analysts see the move as a strategy to face a rising support for a similar project implemented by main opposition leader Sajith Premadasa who has been distributing smart classes and relevant equipment for schools across the country with funding he has not disclosed.

...



# President’s term in office is 5 years - AG tells court

*2024-07-08 11:25:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100368/presidents-term-in-office-is-5-years-ag-tells-court)

The Attorney General’s Department has informed the Supreme Court that, according to the current Constitution, the tenure of the President is five years.

Deputy Solicitor General Kanishka De Silva, appearing on behalf of the Acting Attorney General, revealed this to the court when the petition regarding the President’s term in office was taken up for consideration today (08).

She also mentioned that preliminary objections would be raised, seeking the dismissal of the petition.

...



# Surprise defeat for far-right in France in Macron’s snap election gambit

*2024-07-08 11:25:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/surprise-defeat-for-far-right-in-france-in-macrons-snap-election-gambit-171206/)

ECONOMYNEXT — President Emanuel Macron’s gamble in calling a snap poll somewhat paid off after a left-wing alliance secured the highest number of seats in the French parliament, effectively defeating an alliance led by the far-right National Rally.

The Economist reported that Marine Le Pen’s National Rally (RN)-led bloc, which was widely anticipated to top the voting, will now end up in third place, securing 134 to 152 seats. However, this is still a major win for the once-fringe party which only held 88 seats in the outgoing parliament, indicating the mainstreaming of its hard-right ideology.

...



# One dead, popular singer among several injured in Athurugiriya shooting

*2024-07-08 11:12:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100367/one-dead-popular-singer-among-several-injured-in-athurugiriya-shooting)

One person has been reported dead, while at least three others were left injured following a shooting incident at Oruwala, Athurugiriya.

The injured individuals have been admitted to the Homagama Hospital, according to the police.

The deceased has been identified as the individual known as “Club Wasantha” while popular singer K. Sujeewa is also among the injured from the incident.



# ‘Club Wasantha’ killed in shooting, singer K. Sujeewa among several injured

*2024-07-08 11:12:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100367/club-wasantha-killed-in-shooting-singer-k-sujeewa-among-several-injured)

UPDATE: (1.45 p.m.) - The car used in the Athurugiriya shooting incident, which resulted in the deaths of two individuals including Surendra Wasantha Perera also known as “Club Wasantha”, has been found in the Koratota area in Kaduwela by the police.

The shooting had occurred during the opening ceremony of a beauty salon near the Clock Tower in Athurugiriya. Six persons were rushed to hospital following the shooting.

However, police later confirmed that well-known businessman 55-year-old Surendra Wasantha Perera, also known as “Club Wasantha”. and a 38-year-old male had succumbed to injuries on admission to the hospital.

...



# Four people injured in shooting

*2024-07-08 11:10:14*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/துப்பாக்கிச்-சூட்டில்-நால்வர்-காயம்/175-340025)

The shooting that took place in the city of Athurugiriya, including famous singer Sujeeva, was injured in the shooting incident.

'Club Vasantha' dies of the injured. It is noteworthy that the injured were admitted to the Homagama and Athurugiriya hospitals.



# 'Club Vasantha' shot: Many many others

*2024-07-08 11:10:14*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/கிளப்-வசந்த-சுட்டுக்கொலை-பலர்-படுகாயம்/175-340025)

Urandra Vasantha Perera, also known as 'Club Vasantha', was killed in a shooting incident at the Athurugiriya junction, and many others, including singer K. Sujeeva, have been admitted to the hospital, Athurugiriya police said.

The shooting incident occurred during the opening of the Tattoo studio, police said.

Meanwhile, hospital sources said that the singer Sujeeva and another have been transferred to the Colombo National Hospital for further treatment.



# Presidential pardons: an unchecked executive power

*2024-07-08 11:07:00*

[islandlk](http://island.lk/presidential-pardons-an-unchecked-executive-power/)

A pardon is defined in Black’s Law Dictionary ‘as an act of grace’. In the Oxford Dictionary it is defined as an “action of forgiving or remission of the legal consequences of an offence or conviction”. Some argue that the power to grant a pardon is a check on the powers of the judiciary rectifying any miscarriage of justice. But this executive power unchecked could result in the abuse of power.

...



# Club 'spring dies

*2024-07-08 11:05:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198597)

Four injured were rushed to the Homagama Hospital with a shooting in the Athurugiriya.

There "Club Wasantha" has died and a singer K. Sujeewa has been injured.



# Telephone and accessories found from the Boossa High Security Prison

*2024-07-08 11:04:21*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/බූස්ස-අධිආරක්ෂිත-බන්ධනාගාරයෙන්-සොයාගත්-දුරකථන-හා-උපාංග/11-410664)

Special Task Force officials were arrested yesterday (7) with three modern mobile phones and telephone accessories in the Boossa High Security Prison.

The Police Special Task Force says that the following three mobile phones and mobile phones were found in cement and cymbils in the surface of the prison.

The telephone and devices have been handed over to the Prison Governor for further investigations.



# New President Anura Kumaras appointed by November 17

*2024-07-08 10:55:25*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/නොවැම්බර්-17දා-වන-විට-පත්වන-නව-ජනපති-අනුර-කුමාරයි/11-410663)

The National President of National Power will be appointed as the new President of the National June 17 this year.

Ms. Harini Amarasuriya was told by the meeting with supporters of the National Power town held in Nawalapitiya Maweli, Nawalapitiya Maweli.

Speaking more

The people of the country who gathered to the national folk force are not accepted by the government and opposition that the majority of the people in the country are participating in the national promo.



# Presidential Election - President

*2024-07-08 10:52:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198596)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe says the presidential election will be held in the first year.

The President has said that the presidential election will be held this year even if anyone visits the court.

However, the President said that the Provincial Council election will be held under the Old Scheme.

Late Opposition Leader as well as the Leader of the TNA. President Ranil Wickremesinghe was speaking at the Trincomalee area and participating in the incident.



# South Asian collective urges action on high levels of sexual violence in the region

*2024-07-08 10:47:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/south-asian-collective-urges-action-on-high-levels-of-sexual-violence-in-the-region-171201/)

ECONOMYNEXT – A coalition of civil society organisations comprising representatives from Bangladesh, India, the Maldives, Nepal, and Sri Lanka is are urging South Asian countries to take immediate action on high levels of sexual violence and low conviction rates.

The South Asian Movement for Accessing Justice (SAMAJ) is advocating for “comprehensive legal reforms to close protection gaps in sexual violence laws, address flaws in criminal justice systems, and invest in holistic support services for survivors.”

...



# Two killed in elephant elephant

*2024-07-08 10:46:59*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/වන-අලි-පහරදීමෙන්-දෙදෙනෙක්-මරුට/11-410662)

Two farmers were killed after the attack on the Ven.

PHK Gunaratne, a father of two residents of the Gonaganka Oya, Diyanagasaka, owned by Kumbukore Police, and the Kumbukoya Police Division of the Gonagangara Police Division is a 61 year old resident of the Kumbukoya PoliceThe deceased has been identified.



# I am the only person who can build the country

*2024-07-08 10:40:14*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/රට-ගොඩනැගිය-හැකි-එකම-පුද්ගලයා-මමයි/11-410661)

Dhammika Perera said he was the only person who could not declare the people of any political party regarding the development of the country's economy.

Dr. Dhammika Perera said that the country's creation and its chairman Dhammika Perera said that there should be a similar education system in the country to develop Sri Lanka today.

He also said that the misconceptions in the social media should not be excited to create a generation of childhood in the world.

Dhammika Perera was speaking at the Certificate of the Certificate of Certificate at the Anuradhapura District at the Salgadu Stadium on the 7th of September.

...



# 78-year-old woman murder by grandson’s wife

*2024-07-08 10:40:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100366/78-year-old-woman-murder-by-grandsons-wife)

An elderly woman has reportedly been murdered after being attacked to death with sharp weapons in the Ulapane area of Athgala.

Police stated that the murder had been committed last morning (7).

The murdered woman was living in the same house with her grandson, his wife and two children.

The police investigations have revealed that the murder was committed over a family dispute by the grandson’s wife.

It was later revealed that the grandson was not at home at that time.

The 32-year-old woman who committed the murder has been arrested and Athgala  Police are conducting further investigations related to the incident.

