# #SriLanka :sri_lanka: News Bulletin

<div id="news_lk_bulletin">

*Updated* **2024-04-25 20:02:04**

1. The Committee on the Excise Department of Sri Lanka has ordered to recover deficit taxes from alcohol manufacturers by June 30. (adaderanasinhalalk)
2. President Ranil Wickremesinghe promised to build the economy so that people's struggle will not occur again. (virakesarilk)
3. Sri Lanka's Tourism Minister Harin Fernando has given an assurance that steep surcharges and levies on visa fees imposed with a shift to a private company will be reversed from May 01. (economynextcom)
4. The Meteorology Department has issued a Heat Index Advisory for Northern, North-central, Western, Sabaragamuwa, Eastern, Southern and North-Western provinces and Monaragala district for tomorrow (26). (adaderana.lk)
5. Duminda Dissanayake has been appointed as the General Secretary of the Sri Lanka Freedom Party. (tamilmirrorlk)
6. More than 1,500 families in Jaffna have lost their homes 15 years after the end of the war, with 10 still living in welfare centers. (virakesarilk)
7. A passing out parade was held for a team of 100 police personnel who underwent special training at the Katukurunda STF camp to go after criminals operating in the Western and Southern Provinces. (dailymirror.lk)
8. The Sri Lanka Freedom Party (SLFP) faction led by Minister Nimal Siripala de Silva has appointed MP Duminda Dissanayake as the party’s Acting General Secretary. (adaderana.lk)
9. Public Security Minister Tiran Alles told the police today that eliminating criminals from the country is not a sin and not to be afraid to use the weapon in their hand for the right thing. (dailymirror.lk)
10. A protest march was held in Batticaloa on Thursday (25) against a shrimp farm in the Vaharai area of the Batticaloa district. (virakesarilk)

</div>

[Previous](data) Bulletins

## Methodology

This bulletin has been autogenerated by MistralAI's [mistral-large-latest](https://mistral.ai/news/mistral-large/) model, with the following prompt:

*Extract objective facts from this set of news articles, that might be of practical use to ordinary Sri Lankans,and present as 10 detailed bullets. EXCLUDE news not directly relevant to Sri Lanka. DO NOT duplicate repeat news articles. EXCLUDE political opinions/statements by politicians. EXCLUDE marketing/propaganda. DO mention the name of the source, as "[newspaper]". EMPHASIZE named entities and statistics in bold.*

## Source News

Based on **126** News Articles, from the last **10** hours.

# A great decision on alcohol

*2024-04-25 19:33:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195969)

The Committee on the Excise Department has ordered the department of the Sri Lanka Excise as to arranged from alcohol manufacturers to be recovered from June 30.

The Committee on Schedule of Schedule: Patali Champika Ranawaka has been revealed by Chamber Champika Ranawaka yesterday (24).

The Chairman has questioned the Excise Department regarding the ignorement of the Committee order to temporarily suspend the license manufacturers.

The Officers of the Excise Department has informed the Select of the Excise Departments that have been prepared to recover the deficit taxes without undoing permits.

...



# மக்கள் போராட்டம் மீண்டும் ஏற்படாத வகையில் பொருளாதாரத்தை கட்டமைப்போம் : ITC ரத்னதீப அதிசொகுசு ஹோட்டலை திறந்து வைத்து ஜனாதிபதி தெரிவிப்பு

*2024-04-25 19:21:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181977)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe has promised to build the economy so that the people's struggle will not occur again.

சரிவடைந்த பொருளாதாரத்தை இரண்டு வருடங்களில் மீட்க முடிந்ததென தெரிவித்த ஜனாதிபதி, சரிவடையாத வகையில் வலுவான பொருளாதாரத்தை கட்டமைத்து மக்களின் வாழ்க்கைத் தரத்தை மேம்படுத்துவதாகவும் உறுதியளித்தார்.

President Ranil Wickremesinghe made this statement while addressing the opening of the ITC Ratnadeepa Atti Luxury Hotel Building on Thursday (25).

ITC Ratnadeepa Hotel, built before the Galle Face, is the first building to be built by the Indian ITC Hotel Group of India.

...



# Sri Lanka travel trade promised private visa levies would be lifted from May

*2024-04-25 19:10:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-travel-trade-promised-private-visa-levies-would-be-lifted-from-may-160063/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka’s Tourism Minister Harin Fernando had given an assurance that steep surcharges and levies on visa fees that were imposed with a shift to a private company would be reversed from May 01, a top travel official said.

Sri Lanka’s 50 dollar visa fee went up to 75 dollars and another 18.5 dollar fee and an apparently hidden ‘convenience fee’ of 5 dollars or more were also hit on prospective travellers after a shift of the island’s acclaimed ETA system to a private company.

...



# Heat advisory issued for several provinces and districts

*2024-04-25 19:02:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98847/heat-advisory-issued-for-several-provinces-and-districts-)

The Meteorology Department has issued a Heat Index Advisory for Northern, North-central, Western, Sabaragamuwa, Eastern, Southern and North-Western provinces and Monaragala district for tomorrow (26).

Heat index, the temperature felt on human body is expected to increase up to ‘Caution level’ at some places in Northern, North-central, Western, Sabaragamuwa, Eastern, Southern and North-Western provinces and in Monaragala district, it warned.

As per the advisory, under this level of temperature, fatigue is possible with prolonged exposure and activity while continuing activity could result in heat cramps.

...



# New post for Duminda

*2024-04-25 18:57:42*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/துமிந்தவுக்கு-புதிய-பதவி/175-336340)

It is reported that Duminda Dissanayake has been appointed as the General Secretary of the Sri Lanka Freedom Party.

The Sri Lanka Freedom Party (SLFP) political committee meeting was held in Colombo this afternoon chaired by Minister Nimal Siripala de Silva.



# 1,500 families in Jaffna for 15 years after the war

*2024-04-25 18:56:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181976)

Fifteen years after the end of the war in the North, more than 1,500 families have lost their homes in the Jaffna district.

The District Coordinating Committee meeting held at the Jaffna District Secretariat Auditorium on April 18 last year has revealed that 10 of them are still living in welfare centers.

Jaffna District Coordinating Committee Meeting Northern Province Governor BS. M.. Provincial journalists say that Charles and Minister Douglas Devananda were headed.

...



# Police launches motorcycle squadron against underworld

*2024-04-25 18:55:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/caption-story/Police-launches-motorcycle-squadron-against-underworld/110-281369)

The passing out parade of a team of 100 police personnel who underwent special training at the Katukurunda STF camp to go after criminals operating in the Western and Southern Provinces was held with the participation of Public Security Minister Tiran Alles,  IGP Deshabandu Tennakoon, STF Commandant Senior DIG Waruna Jayasundara and the Western Province Senior DIG.



# Police launch motorcycle squadron against underworld

*2024-04-25 18:55:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/caption-story/Police-launch-motorcycle-squadron-against-underworld/110-281369)

The passing out parade of a team of 100 police personnel who underwent special training at the Katukurunda STF camp to go after criminals operating in the Western and Southern Provinces was held with the participation of Public Security Minister Tiran Alles,  IGP Deshabandu Tennakoon, STF Commandant Senior DIG Waruna Jayasundara and the Western Province Senior DIG.



# Duminda Dissanayake appointed SLFP’s Acting General Secretary

*2024-04-25 18:50:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98846/duminda-dissanayake-appointed-slfps-acting-general-secretary)

The Sri Lanka Freedom Party’s (SLFP) faction led by Minister Nimal Siripala de Silva has appointed MP Duminda Dissanayake as the party’s Acting General Secretary.

He was appointed during the politburo meeting convened by the faction backing Minister Nimal Siripala de Silva this evening (25).

On Wednesday (24), the Colombo District Court issued an injunction preventing MP Sarathie Dushmantha Mithrapala from functioning as the General Secretary of SLFP and implementation of the decisions taken by him as the SLFP Acting General Secretary.

It was mentioned in the order that these injunctions will remain in effect until May 08, 2024.

...



# Duminda to be appointed SLFP acting

*2024-04-25 18:35:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195968)

Duminda Dissanayake has been appointed as the new Acting Secretary General of the Sri Lanka Freedom Party.

The decision was taken at a political meeting held today (25).

The Sri Lanka Freedom Party (SLFP) Politburo also met with party acting chairman Minister Nimal Siripala De Silva this afternoon.



# Do not be afraid to use weapons, Minister Alles tells police

*2024-04-25 18:24:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Do-not-be-afraid-to-use-weapons-Minister-Alles-tells-police/108-281368)

Colombo, April 25 (Daily Mirror) - Public Security Minister Tiran Alles told the police today that eliminating criminals from the country is not a sin and not to be afraid to use weapons.

He made these remarks while participating in the passing out parade at Katukurunda STF Training camp.

"Eliminating criminals from the country is not a sin. Don't be afraid to use the weapon in your hand for the right thing and we stand by you," the minister said.

...



# People protest in Modu city protesting

*2024-04-25 18:17:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181969)

A protest march was held in Batticaloa on Thursday (25) under the auspices of the Batticaloa Civil Organizations organized by the Civil Organizations of Batticaloa, protesting the shrimp farm in the Vaharai area of ​​the Batticaloa district.

People were protesting the banners carrying banners and raising slogans, demanding that they do not want to destroy natural resources.

Governor and people's representatives should be held accountable for the demands of the people regarding these schemes. Demonstrators presented the slogans.



# Sinopec to complete feasibility study on Sri Lanka refinery by June – report

*2024-04-25 17:50:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98845/sinopec-to-complete-feasibility-study-on-sri-lanka-refinery-by-june-report)

Chinese state energy giant Sinopec is pushing for greater access to Sri Lanka’s market, where rival India is also seeking to expand its presence, as it looks to build its first fully-controlled overseas refinery, reflecting a change in the firm’s global strategy to compensate for slowing demand growth at home.

Sinopec, the world’s largest oil refiner, is expected to complete a feasibility study by June for a plant at the Chinese-run Hambantota port, after winning Colombo’s approval last November, two senior industry sources with direct knowledge of the matter told Reuters.

...



# Sri Lanka planning to cut withholding tax on interest to help retirees: Minister

*2024-04-25 17:38:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-planning-to-cut-withholding-tax-on-interest-to-help-retirees-minister-160056/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka is planning to lift withholding tax on interest income below 100,000 a month to help older citizens who depend on interest income as interest rates fall, State Minister for Finance Ranjith Siyambalapitiya said.

With deposit rates falling to around 9 percent from an earlier 16 percent, elderly persons who depend on interest get less income, Minister Siyambalapitiya said.

“We are now planning to put in place a mechanism to lift withholding tax from retirees who earn interest below 1,000 rupees a month,” he said in statement.

...



# Ali Sabry to leave for Riyadh to attend World Economic Forum

*2024-04-25 17:36:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Ali-Sabry-to-leave-for-Riyadh-to-attend-World-Economic-Forum/108-281366)

Colombo, April 25 (Daily Mirror) - Foreign Minister Ali Sabry is scheduled to leave for Riyadh, Saudi Arabia to attend the World Economic Forum’s Special Meeting on Global Cooperation, Growth and Energy for Development which will be held in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia between April 28 and 29.

The Special Meeting in Riyadh is expected to bring together leaders from diverse sectors and industries to inspire a comprehensive dialogue on the most urgent and complex issues of the day.

During the visit, Minister Sabry will join as a panelist in two Sessions, namely “Building the Urban Future” and “North to South, East to West: Rebuilding Trust”.

...



# Sri Lanka rupee closes stronger at 296.85/297.00 to US dollar

*2024-04-25 17:27:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-rupee-closes-stronger-at-296-85-297-00-to-us-dollar-160059/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka’s rupee closed stronger at 296.85/297.00 to the US dollar on Thursday from 297.95/298.10 the previous day, dealers said.

A bond maturing on 15.12.2026 closed down at 11.28/32 percent from 11.30/40 percent.

A bond maturing on 15.09.2027 closed down at 11.70/80 percent from 11.90/95 percent.

A bond maturing on 15.03.2028 closed down at 11.95/12.05 percent.

A bond maturing on 15.09.2029 closed lower at 12.20/40 percent from 12.30/40 percent.

A bond maturing on 15.05.2030 closed at 12.30/55 percent from 12.35/60 percent. (Colombo/Apr24/2024)



# ITC Ratnadipa Colombo declared open

*2024-04-25 17:20:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/caption-story/ITC-Ratnadipa-Colombo-declared-open/110-281365)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe unveiled the epitome of luxury: 'ITC Ratnadipa Colombo' - featuring Sri Lanka's inaugural sky bridge 'AHASA ONE', soaring 100m above ground. Pix by Pradeep Dilruskshana



# Former Prime Minister Mahatarr falls in trouble due to work

*2024-04-25 17:11:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195967)

An anti-Prime Minister of Malaysia is an investigation into a test against former Prime Minister Mahatir Mohammed.

The Commission added that corruption has been accused of corruption against his sons and the investigation into the former Prime Minister added.

Authorities acting strict action against the leading politicians who have accused the corruption and frauds of Malaysia.

Investigations on the closestines of the 98-year-old Prime Minister have been strictly. He is the main political opponent of Ibrahim Anwar today.

Anwar states that these tests are not targeting political opponents and that it is a large number of corruption.



# Principal commits suicide

*2024-04-25 17:08:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195966)

The victim has been committed to a 55-year-old traitor, a resident of Maspotha, Kurunegala.



# GCE O/L tuition classes banned from midnight April 30: Exams Dept.

*2024-04-25 17:00:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/GCE-OL-tuition-classes-banned-from-midnight-April-30-Exams-Dept/108-281364)

Colombo, April 25 (Daily Mirror) - Conducting coaching or tuition classes aiming at the 2023 (2024) G.C.E. Ordinary Level (O/L) Examination aspirants will be prohibited from April 30 till the date where the exam is concluded, the Department of Examinations said.

Commissioner General of Examinations H.J.M.C. Amith Jayasundara said all arrangements have been completed to conduct the examination from May 6 to May 15.

The examination will be held at 3,527 examination centres around the country.

...



# Sri Lanka, Singapore sign MoU to promote boating and yachting industries

*2024-04-25 16:56:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98844/sri-lanka-singapore-sign-mou-to-promote-boating-and-yachting-industries)

Sri Lanka and Singapore have signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with a view to working together to promote the boating and yachting industries.

The agreement was forged between the Chamber of Marine Industries of Sri Lanka (CMISL) and the Singapore Boating Industry Association (SBIA) on 22 April, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs said in a statement.

...



# TNA's case adjourned to June 20

*2024-04-25 16:49:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181955)

The case filed in the Jaffna District Court against the National Conference of the Sri Lanka Tamil National Party (TNA) has been postponed to June 20.

The case of the interim injunction issued by the court against the Sri Lankan Tamil state party convention was taken up for hearing at the Jaffna District Court on Thursday.

Since the fifth opponent Shanmugam Kukadasan is still appearing in court today, the court has ordered the re -calling for his correct address in Trincomalee.

Senior Attorney Nrikanta, who appeared on behalf of the first and third opponents, sought time to present their views.

...



# Ubul Shantha released on bail

*2024-04-25 16:46:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181954)

Former famous private class teacher and writer Upul Shantha has been released on bail.

The order was issued after Kandana police arrested him and produced him in the Velisara Court.



# Public assistance calls for holding suspects in gold robbery

*2024-04-25 16:35:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195965)

Police have asked for public assistance to arrest a group of suspects regarding a crime.

The police say that the suspects have been accused of robbing a gold against the suspects.

The suspects have been abducted in the Kalpitiya area on November 23 last year and had fled the area of 37 kilo of gold.

The Kalpitiya Magistrate's Magistrate's Court have been named after the suspects, residents of Menikhinna, Galle, Puttalam and Gnan Nampana.

However, the suspects have left their residence, police said.

Accordingly, if the suspects of the following chains, calls on 071 859 1763 or 071 859 4916 through 071 859 4916.

...



# Sri Lanka stocks close up, market gets bullish

*2024-04-25 16:28:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-stocks-close-up-market-gets-bullish-160052/)

ECONOMYNEXT – The Colombo Stock Exchange closed up on Thursday, data on its site showed.

The broader All Share Index closed up 1.43 percent, or 170.26 points, at 12,075; while the S&P SL20 Index closed up 2.83 percent, or 98.77 points, at 3,593.

“Market was extremely bullish today,” market participants said. “Banks were driving this bullishness, and all lost grounds were recovered.”

Major positive contributors to the ASPI included Commercial Bank of Ceylon Plc which was up at 110.00, Hatton National Bank Plc up at 197.00, and Sampath Bank Plc up at 80.00.

...



# Upul Shantha Sannasgala released on bail

*2024-04-25 16:11:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Upul-Shantha-Sannasgala-released-on-bail/108-281362)

Colombo, April 25 - Upul Shantha Sannasgala, the popular tutor and author who was arrested by the Kandana Police today in connection with an alleged fraud, has been released on bail.

Sannasgala was arrested by the Kandana police in response to accusations levelled against him by an individual who claims that he (Sannasgala) failed to return Rs. 1 million, which was reportedly obtained from him.



# Maithri demands 1 billion rupees to Mahinda

*2024-04-25 16:01:01*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/மஹிந்தவிடம்-1-பில்லியன்-ரூபாய்-கோருகிறார்-மைத்திரி/175-336328)

Former President Maithripala Sirisena has recently sent a letter of request to Minister Mahinda Amaraweera regarding the defamation reports against him.

Maithripala Sirisena said in the statement that Minister Amaraweera has issued slanderous reports to the media that he has received Rs 100 million from a businessman who is ready to contest the Sri Lanka Freedom Party (SLFP) presidential candidate.

He added that Minister Amaraweera has also made slanderous comments at the Sri Lanka Freedom Party (SLFP) executive meeting held under his leadership.

...



# Maithri demands Rs 1 billion to Mahinda

*2024-04-25 16:01:01*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/மஹிந்தவிடம்-ரூ-1-பில்லியன்-கோருகிறார்-மைத்திரி/175-336328)

Former President Maithripala Sirisena has recently sent a letter of request to Minister Mahinda Amaraweera regarding the defamation reports against him.

Maithripala Sirisena said in the statement that Minister Amaraweera has issued slanderous reports to the media that he has received Rs 100 million from a businessman who is ready to contest the Sri Lanka Freedom Party (SLFP) presidential candidate.

He added that Minister Amaraweera has also made slanderous comments at the Sri Lanka Freedom Party (SLFP) executive meeting held under his leadership.

...



# Vadivel asks the gift

*2024-04-25 15:58:48*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/பரிசு-கேட்கிறார்-வடிவேல்/175-336327)

Vadivel Suarez, who is currently speaking in Parliament, hopes that President Ranil Wickremesinghe will pay a pay hike to the plantation workers, and asked for a wage increase in May Day, May Day, Labor Day.



# Railway gets S.S. Mudalige to cover GMR’s duties

*2024-04-25 15:57:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Railway-gets-S-S-Mudalige-to-cover-GMRs-duties/108-281361)

Colombo, April 25 (Daily Mirror) - Director General (Planning) of the Transport and Highways Ministry, S.S. Mudalige has been appointed to cover the duties of the position of General Manager, Railways until the Cabinet appoints a suitable officer.

The GMR post fell vacant due to the sudden death of H.M.K.B. Bandara.

The appointment letter related to the post was made by Transport and Highways Ministry Secretary Ranjith Ganganath Rubasinghe and handed over to S.S. Mudalige by Minister Bandula Gunawardena at the Ministry office.

...



# More than 100 inmates escape after rain damages Nigerian prison

*2024-04-25 15:52:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98841/more-than-100-inmates-escape-after-rain-damages-nigerian-prison)

At least 118 inmates escaped from prison after heavy rains on Wednesday night damaged the facility in Suleja near the Nigerian capital, a prison service spokesperson said.

Service agents were hunting the fugitives and had so far recaptured 10 of them, spokesperson Adama Duza said in a statement on Thursday.

The statement gave no details on the identities or affiliation of the escaped prisoners but in the past members of the Boko Haram insurgent group have been locked up in Suleja prison.



# In Mullaitivu

*2024-04-25 15:44:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181947)

Former Northern Provincial Council member Durairasa Ravikaran said that the Sinhalese people are being settled in the native lands of Tamils ​​in Mullaitivu.

He made this comment to the media after an event in Pudukkudiyiruppu today (25).

The rulers are taking over the native lands of Tamils ​​in Mullaitivu. That is, the landscape of the Mullaitivu district is seen by the Sinhalese to the Sinhalese.

In the Mullaitivu district, 74.24 percent of the land in the Mullaitivu district is in charge of the Forest Department.

...



# 1371 foreign employment complaints at 4 months

*2024-04-25 15:40:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195964)

The Special Investigation Division of Foreign Employment Division has received 1371 foreign employment complaints over the past 4 months.

Recruitment to Foreign Employment for Foreign Employment without a valid unit of foreign employment has been received by the complaint bureau of the tourist visas for foreign employment.

495 complaints have been issued during this period of Rs.. Investigations have also recovered 53,509,520.00.

The Bureau has also taken steps to prosecute the court against fraudsters for more than 680 complaints.

...



# High -level representatives of the Chinese Communist Party

*2024-04-25 15:34:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181942)

A team of high -level representatives of the Chinese Communist Party's International Relations Department met with representatives of the United People's Alliance (UPFA) headed by Opposition Leader Sajith Premadasa yesterday (24) at the Opposition Leader's Office in Colombo.

This special meeting between the two sides took place for an hour. Following the meeting, Opposition Leader Sajith Premadasa and Deputy Minister of International Affairs of the Communist Party of China. There was a 45 -minute face -to -face meeting between Sun Hayan.

...



# Santoras released on bail

*2024-04-25 15:32:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195963)

Upul Shantha Sanvestgala has been released on bail, a former popular tuition teacher arrested on suspicion of financial fraud.

The order has been issued after the Kandana Police have arrested the event and produced before the Welisara Magistrate.



# A Sri Lankan woman who completed his legal order while working as a homework in Singapore, firmly made her dream and realized her dream

*2024-04-25 15:31:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181930)

While Jayanthi Kamage was working in his work, his email came to a message from the University of London.

The 43 -year -old Sri Lankan woman's journey as a long -term journey will defile her journey. The trip has lasted several kilometers.

Kamage told us that when he was working as an audit assistant in Sri Lanka, Singapore has twice as much income than the salary.

Three years after he began his law, he left Sri Lanka for money for his education.

If she was very sure of her childhood, she was ready to face any crisis caused by her going abroad.

...



# Rap singer sentenced to death

*2024-04-25 15:29:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195962)

The Iranian Court of Iranian Court has been sentenced to the Tumage of the Iranian Tumage, who was accused of supporting anti-government protests.

According to the state media, the state media said that the punishment given to him was eased on the forefront.

His lawyer said that he had accused the aggressive events in Iran in 2022-23.

In October 2022, 2022 was arrested in October 2022, supporting the protests throughout the country.

The demonstrations were taken into police custody after the police were arrested by the police accusing the hedgery not worrying properly.



# 21/4 attacks; Kota released a special report

*2024-04-25 15:27:34*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/21-4-தாக்குதல்கள்-விசேட-அறிக்கை-வெளியிட்டார்-கோட்டா/175-336323)

Former President Gotabhaya Rajapakse, who has refused to have a serious refusal to the allegations of Cardinal Malcolm Ranjith on Easter Sunday attacks, has said that Cardinal Ranjit is acting in the responsibility of the two sides who are actually involved in terrorist attacks.

Cardinal Ranjith made the following allegations at a recent media briefing against former President Gotabhaya Rajapakse.

...



# Foreign Minister to attend special meeting of World Economic Forum in Riyadh

*2024-04-25 15:27:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98840/foreign-minister-to-attend-special-meeting-of-world-economic-forum-in-riyadh)

Sri Lanka’s Foreign Minister Ali Sabry is scheduled to leave for Riyadh, Saudi Arabia to attend the World Economic Forum’s Special Meeting on Global Cooperation, Growth and Energy for Development which will be held in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia from 28-29 April 2024.

Convened by the World Economic Forum, the Special Meeting in Riyadh is expected to bring together leaders from diverse sectors and industries to inspire a comprehensive dialogue on the most urgent and complex issues of the day.

...



# Sannasgala arrested

*2024-04-25 15:24:10*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/සන්නස්ගල-අත්අඩංගුවට/11-409264)

The Popular YouTube Program Design has been arrested by the Upul Shantha Police, a tuition teacher.

According to a complaint lodged with a complaint with a financial fraud, he was arrested on suspicion.



# Santoras released on bail

*2024-04-25 15:24:10*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/සන්නස්ගලට-ඇප/11-409264)

Mr. Upul Shantha Sannrasgala, who was arrested in connection with a cash deal, was released on bail.

ජනප්‍රිය YouTube වැඩසටහන් නිර්මාණ කරුවකුසේම මීට පෙර උපකාරක පන්ති ගුරුවරයකුව සිටි උපුල් ශාන්ත සන්නස්ගල පොලීිසිය විසින් අත්අඩංගුවට ගෙන තිබෙනවා.

According to a complaint lodged with a complaint with a financial fraud, he was arrested on suspicion.



# JICA to commence second phase of Anuradhapura North Water Supply Project

*2024-04-25 15:22:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98839/jica-to-commence-second-phase-of-anuradhapura-north-water-supply-project)

The Japanese International Cooperation Agency (JICA) has agreed to commence the second phase of the Anuradhapura North Water Supply Project, says State Minister of Finance Shehan Semasinghe.

He said the second phase of the project will meet the drinking water needs of 50,000 families in Padaviya, Kebithigollewa, Horowpothana and Kahatagasdigiliya divisional secretariats covering 119 Grama Niladari Divisions.

...



# Archbishop Cardinal rejected Malcolm Ranjith's allegations

*2024-04-25 15:19:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181941)

Cardinal hides or obviously avoiding the facts of the two parties involved in the terrorist attack

Former President Gotabhaya Rajapaksa, who has presented him with Archbishop Cardinal Malcolm Ranjith

Former President Gotabhaya Rajapakse, who has completely rejected the allegations of Cardinal Malcolm Ranjith on the lifeblood Sunday, has stated that Cardinal hides or avoids the facts of the two parties involved in the terrorist attack.

Gotabaya said that the day after the Presidential Commission handed over me to the President's Commission on the Sunday attack, Cardinal said that I was in contact with Ranjit.

...



# Parliament grants three-months leave for MP R. Sampanthan

*2024-04-25 15:16:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98838/parliament-grants-three-months-leave-for-mp-r-sampanthan)

TNA leader and Trincomalee District Parliamentarian R. Sampanthan has been granted leave of three months from attending Parliament sessions.

The proposal to provide three-months leave was passed in the Parliament today (25).

Chief Opposition Whip Lakshman Kiriella brought up the proposal in the Parliament while it was affirmed by Tamil National Alliance (TNA) MP Charles Nirmalanathan.

Veteran Tamil politician R. Sampanthan, who is aged 91 years, is reported to be suffering from an illness.



# Maithripala sends letter of demand to Amaraweera, seeks Rs. 1 bn compensation

*2024-04-25 15:06:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98837/maithripala-sends-letter-of-demand-to-amaraweera-seeks-rs-1-bn-compensation)

Former President Maithripala Sirisena has sent a letter of demand to Minister Mahinda Amaraweera, seeking Rs. 1 billion in damages over defamation.

The letter of demand references an alleged statement made by Minister Amaraweera to the media on April 22 and 24 which it claims contains inaccurate and malicious comments regarding former President Sirisena.

Accordingly, the letter of demand seeks Rs. 1,000 million in damages or compensation for defamation. It further states that legal action will be initiated against Minister Amaraweera if Mr. Sirisena is not compensated within 14 days.



# An interval from Maithri demanding 1000 million people

*2024-04-25 14:52:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195961)

Former President Maithripala Sirisena, Minister Maithripala Sirisena, Minister of Defense has begun to seek a compensation to compensation due to a statement.

It has been informed to pay a sum of Rs. 1000 million to Maithripala Sirisena for 14 days.



# Notification for those waiting for employment to go abroad!

*2024-04-25 14:49:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181943)

Minister Manusha Nanayakkara has said that no parties other than the permit -owned foreign employment agency have the authority to get foreign employment.

He further stated that complaints have been received regarding the money being received by a police sergeant under the leadership of Viharathi, who is near Anuradhapura.

Accordingly, investigators have been given a directive to arrest the parties involved in the complaint.

In addition, the Minister has also ordered the Foreign Employment Bureau of Investigation to enforce the law to arrest the traffickers involved in such illegal activities.

...



# Nallur temple environment is not playing firing - Judge Ma. Testimony

*2024-04-25 14:27:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181939)

Vavuniya High Court Judge Maa says that Nallur temple environmental firing is not played. Ilangelian mentioned during his testimony.

Jaffna Western Court Judge Denis Shantan Susitasan is being held in the presence of Jaffna Western Court Judge Denis Shantan Suidasan.

At the same time, Judge Ilancheliyan appeared in the House yesterday (24) and recorded his testimony.

Jaffna in my car from the High Court on the day of the incident. - I went through Kandy Road and traveled towards my official residence through the temple road.

The car drove my driver. I was sitting next to him. I was sitting in the back seat of the car.

...



# Ubul Shantha arrested

*2024-04-25 14:15:23*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/உபுல்-சாந்த-கைது/175-336319)

Senior Sinhala Sinhala preacher Upul Shantha Santhakala Kadana Police have been arrested today (25) in connection with the incident of a man who claimed to be producing a film.

Police said they had promised to get 10 lakhs of rupees from a person in Kadana area within a month.

However, the suspect has lodged a complaint with the Kadana police due to the violation of confidence because the suspect failed to give money on the date.

The arrested suspect is to be produced before the Welisara Magistrate's Court today (25).

...



# Upul Shantha Sannasgala arrested

*2024-04-25 14:08:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98836/upul-shantha-sannasgala-arrested)

Popular tutor and author Upul Shantha Sannasgala has been arrested by the Kandana Police in connection with an alleged fraud.



# Upul Shantha Sannasgala granted bail

*2024-04-25 14:08:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98836/upul-shantha-sannasgala-granted-bail)

UPDATE: Upul Shantha Sannasgala, who was arrested earlier on Thursday has been released on bail, on the orders of Welisara Magistrate’s Court.

Popular tutor and author Upul Shantha Sannasgala has been arrested by the Kandana Police in connection with an alleged fraud.



# Don't worry about using it right, but it is not a world

*2024-04-25 14:06:51*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/වෙපන්-ඒක-හරි-දේට-පාවිච්චි-කරන්න-බය-වෙන්න-එපා--අපරාධකරුවන්-තුරන්-කිරීම-පවක්-නොවෙයි/11-409263)

Deputy Minister of Defense Tiran Alles said that he should not be afraid to use the dispute in the hand.

He was speaking at the premises of the police officers who studied the immediate extension motorcycle course in the Kalutara Katukurunkada Special Task Force.

"We sit for you right for you. I don't want to talk much here. You know what those here should do.

Everything knows what's the need. If this group is not enough, a team is formed.

We have a goal. All police officers know what that goal is.I only expect you to go to the target.

It is not a poll to sell drugs, underworld, surrender. So you go to your goal.

...



# Upul Shantha Sannasgala arrested

*2024-04-25 14:06:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Upul-Shantha-Sannasgala-arrested/108-281359)

Colombo, April 25 -  Prominent Sinhala lecturer and social activist Upul Shantha Sannasgala has been arrested over allegations of financial misconduct.

The arrest has been made by the Kandana police in response to accusations levelled against Sannasgala by an individual who claims that he failed to return Rs. 1 million, which was reportedly obtained from him.



# Gota fires back at Cardinal, rebuts allegations

*2024-04-25 14:00:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Gota-fires-back-at-Cardinal-rebuts-allegations/108-281357)

In a scathing rebuttal of allegations by Malcom Cardinal Ranjith regarding the Easter Sunday attacks, former President Gotabaya Rajapaksa said Cardinal Ranjith either glosses over the responsibility of, or expressly absolves the two parties actually involved in the terrorist strikes.

Cardinal Ranjith made the following allegations against former President Gotabaya Rajapaksa at a recent media conference:

...



# Gota fires back at Cardinal, rebuts allegations

*2024-04-25 14:00:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/top-story/Gota-fires-back-at-Cardinal-rebuts-allegations/155-281357)

In a scathing rebuttal of allegations by Malcom Cardinal Ranjith regarding the Easter Sunday attacks, former President Gotabaya Rajapaksa said Cardinal Ranjith either glosses over the responsibility of, or expressly absolves the two parties actually involved in the terrorist strikes.

Cardinal Ranjith made the following allegations against former President Gotabaya Rajapaksa at a recent media conference:

...



# Gotabhaya answers the allegations of Kadinal Thera

*2024-04-25 13:59:35*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/කාදිනල්-හිමිගේ-චෝදනාවන්ට-ගෝඨාභයගෙන්-පිළිතුරු/11-409262)

Former President Gotabhaya Rajapaksa has been responding to the statements made by Malcolm Ranjith Kadin allocated for a five-year-old program.

The announcement issued to his media has refused the following proposals.

The allegations made by Malcolm Cardinal Ranjith

The Five Years of Celebrations to mark the suicide bombing bombing of the Easter

When I received the report of the Presidential Investigation Commission regarding the Easter investigation Commission on the Past Sunday, the Cardinal returns to the Cadinal Harmark and to arrest the recommendations in the report and even to ban their organizations.That I am informed.

...



# Gotabhaya answers the allegations of Kadinal Thera

*2024-04-25 13:57:34*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/කාදිනල්-හිමිගේ-චෝදනාවන්ට-ගෝඨාභයගෙන්-පිළිතුරු/11-409261)

Former President Gotabhaya Rajapaksa has been responding to the statements made by Malcolm Ranjith Kadin allocated for a five-year-old program.

The announcement issued to his media has refused the following proposals.

The allegations made by Malcolm Cardinal Ranjith

The Five Years of Celebrations to mark the suicide bombing bombing of the Easter

When I received the report of the Presidential Investigation Commission regarding the Easter investigation Commission on the Past Sunday, the Cardinal returns to the Cadinal Harmark and to arrest the recommendations in the report and even to ban their organizations.That I am informed.

...



# Sri Lanka - Iran and 5 MoUs

*2024-04-25 13:54:32*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/ශ්‍රී-ලංකාව---ඉරාන-අතර-අවබෝධතා-ගිවිසුම්-05-ක්/11-409260)

Iranian President arrived in Sri Lanka to attend the Uma Oya project. After a good speech between the two leaders, the two bilateral discussions and five cases were signed.

Minister of Education Susil Premajayantha signed the Memorandum of the Iranian Republic of Iranian and the Sri Lanka National Library and the Sri Lanka National Library was signed by Mohammed Mehdi Esmaeili.

Mohammed Mehi Gunawardena, Minister of Culture and the Ministry of Iranian Islamic Republic of Iranian Islamic Republic of Iranian Islamic Minister Mohammed Mehdi Esmaeil (Mohammad Mehdi Esmaeili)Signed it.

...



# SriLankan Engineering implements AMOS ERP

*2024-04-25 13:51:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/srilankan-engineering-implements-amos-erp-160047/)

ECONOMYEXT – State-run SriLankan said its engineering units has implemented AMOS, an aviation maintenance management system at its engineering division.

By automating the monitoring and coordination of aircraft maintenance with AMOS, the airline said it will be able to boost engineering productivity, reduce costs and maintain quality and consistency in its Maintenance, Repair, and Overhaul (MRO) operations.

...



# In 2023, alcohol producers have 1.1 billion to the government

*2024-04-25 13:48:39*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/2023දී-මත්පැන්-නිශ්පාදකයන්--රජයට-බිලියන-1-1ක-පොල්ලක්-තියයි/11-409259)

Death of alcohol manufacturers in relation to year 2023, action will be taken to recover on June 30 - Action to the Excise Department of Sri Lanka Excise on Planning and Opportunities

The number of arrears of liquor manufacturers regarding the year 2023 will be revealed in the Committee on Methods and Methods.

When issuing liquor license, determine the production capacity of the production capacity as per the production capacity - Committee instructors from the Excise Officers of the Committee.

Consumer Affairs Authority should be conducted by the Consumer Affairs Authority to identify the number of mandate of essential food items

...



# Today's currency exchange rate

*2024-04-25 13:48:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181936)

The US $ 292.7078 and the sales price were 302.5848 based on the Central Bank's currency exchange rate on Thursday (April 25).



# Sannasgala arrested

*2024-04-25 13:48:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195960)

Mr. Upul Shantha Sannrasgala, a former popular tuition teacher, has been arrested by police.

He was arrested by the police regarding the investigations carried out regarding a financial fraud of Rs.



# Japan grants US$3mn for inland cage aquaculture, hatcheries in Sri Lanka

*2024-04-25 13:37:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/japan-grants-us3mn-for-inland-cage-aquaculture-hatcheries-in-sri-lanka-160037/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Japan has given a 3 million dollar grant through the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO), to boost inland fisheries and aquaculture in Sri Lanka as the country recovers from a currency crisis.

The funds will establish four community-operated mini hatcheries in Batticaloa, Mullaitivu, Anuradhapura and Monaragala districts.

...



# Three months on connector

*2024-04-25 13:36:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195959)

Member of Trincomalee District. The proposal to the parliament was passed today (25) to grant the leave to Mr. Connector.

The Chief Opposition Whip Lakshman Kiriella presented the proposal to parliament and Mr. Charles Nirmalanathan made the proposal.

Mr. R-Sampanthan is 91 and is now ill.



# Unions threaten to “defeat” Sri Lanka electricity reforms bill outside parliament

*2024-04-25 13:30:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/unions-threaten-to-defeat-sri-lanka-electricity-reforms-bill-outside-parliament-160035/)

ECONOMYNEXT — Trade unions representing Sri Lanka’s state-run Ceylon Electricity Board (CEB) have threatened to defeat a new electricity reform bill even if it is passed in parliament.

Trade unions held a demonstration against the bill Thursday April 25 near the parliament complex. Parallel protests were also organised in Galle, Tangalle and Hambantota.

General Secretary of the Ceylon Electrical Workers Union Ranjan Jayalal told reporters at the demonstration that

...



# Responding to former President Gotabhaya

*2024-04-25 13:23:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195958)

Former President Gotabhaya Rajapakse has issued a special announcement for the allegations made by the Largest Malcolm Cardinal Ranjith in a celebration of the Easter attack on the loss of 5 years.

The relevant announcement has been issued quoted by citing 4 major charges launched by Cardinal.

The Five Years of Celebrations to mark the suicide bombing bombing of the Easter

• When I received the report of the Presidential Investigation Commission on the Past Sunday, he telephoned the Cardinal Harbage and to enforce the recommendations in the report, so he would have to implement the recommendations.That I am informed to.

...



# Toping delegation from the Chinese Communist Party meets Opposition Leader

*2024-04-25 13:22:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195957)

A meeting of the heads of the Chinese Communist Party International Relations Department of International Relations Meeting was a member of the Opposition Leader Sajith Premadasa at the Opposition Leader's office last evening.

The unique discussion between the two parties was limited for about an hour and a private discussion between the Deputy Leader of the Central Committee of the Communist Party and the Vice Minister of the Communist Party.

The two sides exchanged views between Sri Lanka and China and China and China and China.

...



# Easter attacks: Gotabaya categorically denies allegations made by Cardinal

*2024-04-25 13:18:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98835/easter-attacks-gotabaya-categorically-denies-allegations-made-by-cardinal)

Former President Gotabaya Rajapaksa has vehemently refuted the allegations recently levelled at him by His Eminence Malcolm Cardinal Ranjith concerning the 2019 Easter Sunday terror attacks.

In a statement, Rajapaksa addressed four such allegations made by the Cardinal at an event held to mark the 5th anniversary of the carnage that claimed the lives of more than 250 people and left hundreds of others wounded.



# Easter attacks: Gotabaya responds to allegations made by Cardinal Ranjith

*2024-04-25 13:18:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98835/easter-attacks-gotabaya-responds-to-allegations-made-by-cardinalranjith)

Former President Gotabaya Rajapaksa on Thursday (25) vehemently refuted the allegations recently levelled at him by His Eminence Malcolm Cardinal Ranjith concerning the 2019 Easter Sunday terror attacks.

In a statement, Rajapaksa addressed four such allegations made by the Cardinal at an event held to mark the 5th anniversary of the carnage that claimed the lives of more than 250 people and left hundreds of others wounded.

...



# Don't go to a struggle again ... - President

*2024-04-25 13:02:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195956)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe has requested the public to arranged the country to restore the country.

The President was speaking at the opening ceremony of the 'ITC Ratnadipa' Antiomple Hotel in Colombo today.

...



# The President thanks for the assistance provided by the Iranian government

*2024-04-25 13:00:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181932)

The official meeting between Ibrahim Raisi and President Ranil Wickremesinghe, who visited Sri Lanka to attend the inauguration of the Uma Oya Multipurpose Development Project, was held at the Presidential Office on Wednesday afternoon.

President Ranil Wickremesinghe welcomed the delegation, including the President of Iran, who visited the presidential office.

President Ranil Wickremesinghe took the Iranian presidential delegation to the presidential office after the two presidents introduced the two countries' delegation.

To mark his visit, President Raisi also commemorated a memorial in the Presidential Office's Special Guest Book.

...



# Indian Ocean region to benefit from Iran-Sri Lanka cooperation: Raisi

*2024-04-25 12:57:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98834/indian-ocean-region-to-benefit-from-iran-sri-lanka-cooperation-raisi)

President Ebrahim Raisi has stated improved relations between Iran and Sri Lanka in various fields would benefit the two countries and the Indian Ocean region.

Raisi made the remarks in a joint press conference with Sri Lankan President Ranil Wickremesinghe in the Island nation’s capital of Colombo on Wednesday.

He said that Iran is ready to supply technical and engineering services to Sri Lanka to help the country boost its economic and industrial infrastructure.

...



# Sri Lanka presidential debate: NPP fires back at SJB, asks for alternative dates

*2024-04-25 12:56:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-presidential-debate-npp-fires-back-at-sjb-asks-for-alternative-dates-160030/)

ECONOMYNEXT — Sri Lanka’s leftist opposition party National People’s Power (NPP) has shot back at main opposition Samagi Jana Balawegaya (SJB) asking the party to suggest alternative dates for the proposed debate between the two parties’ leaders.

The NPP’s Nalinda Jayatissa, who has been tasked with overseeing the organisation of the debate from the NPP’s end, told reporters on Thursday April 25 that, since all political parties are going to be busy in the run up to Labour Day on May 01, the SJB can propose three or four dates before May 20.

...



# Climate summit to discuss growth opportunities for Sri Lanka businesses: Chamber

*2024-04-25 12:52:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/climate-summit-to-discuss-growth-opportunities-for-sri-lanka-businesses-chamber-160027/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Rising temperatures and extreme weather events due to climate change are impacting business, and companies need to address the irrelevance of existing business models, the Ceylon Chamber of Commerce said.

“Climate change is affecting all of us in a big way. More particularly, the business community and businesses,” Duminda Hulangamuwa, Chairman, Ceylon Chamber of Commerce said.

“There is a huge cost. It is imperative that we address the situation,” Hulangamuwa said announcing the Sri Lanka Climate Summit 2024 ‘Code Red – Climate Risks and Opportunities for Sri Lankan Businesses’.

...



# Chinese Communist Party met with Sajith Premadasa

*2024-04-25 12:49:38*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/சஜித்-பிரேமதாசவை-சந்தித்த-சீனக்-கம்யூனிஸ்ட்-கட்சி/175-336314)

A team of high -level representatives of the Chinese Communist Party's International Relations Department met with representatives of the United People's Alliance (UPFA) headed by Opposition Leader Sajith Premadasa on Wednesday (24).

This special meeting between the two sides has been held for an hour. Following this, a 45 -minute face -to -face meeting was held between Opposition Leader Sajith Premadasa and Deputy Minister of International Affairs of the Communist Party of China Sun Hayan.

...



# Chinese Communist Party

*2024-04-25 12:49:38*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/சஜிதை-சந்தித்த-சீனக்-கம்யூனிஸ்ட்-கட்சி/175-336314)

A team of high -level representatives of the Chinese Communist Party's International Relations Department met with representatives of the United People's Alliance (UPFA) headed by Opposition Leader Sajith Premadasa on Wednesday (24).

This special meeting between the two sides has been held for an hour. Following this, a 45 -minute face -to -face meeting was held between Opposition Leader Sajith Premadasa and Deputy Minister of International Affairs of the Communist Party of China Sun Hayan.

...



# Provide milk tea for 80 rupees

*2024-04-25 12:49:21*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/80-ரூபாய்க்கு-பால்-தேநீர்-வழங்கவும்/175-336313)

It has been requested to provide a cup of milk tea for 80 rupees to provide consumers with a reduction in the price of imported milk flour.

National Consumer Front leader Asela Sampath has made this request to the owners of the road.

He also told the media that Palma importers have decided to reduce the retail prices of Paul Maui as it comes into effect from today due to the decline in the value of the dollar.

Due to the rise in milk prices in recent times, people have been avoiding coming to hotels to drink milk tea.

...



# 60,000 applications received for NIE admissions – Edu. Minister

*2024-04-25 12:47:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98833/60000-applications-received-for-nie-admissions-edu-minister)

Minister of Education Susil Premajayantha says that 60,000 applications were received for new admissions to National Colleges of Education (NIEs).

He mentioned that the relevant admission activities would be initiated next week.

In response to a question raised by Opposition Leader Sajith Premadasa in Parliament, the Minister said that 4,160 individuals are set to graduate from the NIEs in the near future.

Furthermore, Premajayantha mentioned that measures are underway for the recruitment of 23,005 individuals to the teaching service.



# Outlook prices

*2024-04-25 12:44:01*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/එලවලු-මිල-තව-තවත්-පහලට/11-409258)

Due to the farmer, farmers say that the vegetable prices are down these days.

The farmers who grow vegetables in Ukuwela, Dambulla Pallewela in Ukuwatta, Matale.

In particular, farmers in the Matale area are cultivated and other crops, including tomatoes, and the price they are not able to afford the cost of cultivation.



# Sri Lanka will need Rs 40 Bn to increase senior citizens’ interest rate to 15 pct

*2024-04-25 12:40:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-will-need-rs-40-bn-to-increase-senior-citizens-interest-rate-to-15-pct-160026/)

ECONOMYNEXT — Sri Lanka will require 40 billion rupees a year to bring the interest rate offered to senior citizens for their savings and the government is closely studying the matter with the country’s fiscal situation in mind, an official said.

State Minister of Finance Ranjith Siyambalapitiya told parliament on Thursday April 25 that the Treasury will take a decision with “great care”.

Siyambalapitiya was responding to a question raised by opposition leader Sajith Premadasa.

...



# Agricultural Minister silence on fertilizer subsidy

*2024-04-25 12:38:31*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/පොහොර-සහනාධාරය-ගැන-කෘෂි-ඇමති-නිහඬයි/11-409257)

The All Ceylon Agrarian Association says that Minister of Agriculture Mahinda Amaraweera has not told the farmers regarding the fertilizer subsidy given to paddy cultivation this year.

Troops of the All Ceylon Agrarian Federation Susantha Kumara Navaratne said that the Minister of Agriculture Susantha Navaratne said that the Minister of Agriculture had not been able to provide Rs.

The Vice Chairman was speaking to the media in Anuradhapura.

...



# Submission to the Board of Electricity

*2024-04-25 12:38:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181927)

The Minister of Electricity and Power and Energy, Kanjana Wijesekera presented the proposed Electricity Board Bill.

...



# Give cup of milk tea for Rs. 80: Asela Sampath

*2024-04-25 12:36:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Give-cup-of-milk-tea-for-Rs-80-Asela-Sampath/108-281355)

Colombo, April 25 (Daily Mirror) - National Consumer Front Chairman Asela Sampath urged the canteen owners to provide a cup of milk tea for Rs. 80 from today while granting the concession of the reduced prices of imported milk powder to the consumers.

Addressing the media, he said the milk powder importers had decided to reduce the retail prices of their one kilogram and 400 grams of milk powder packets with effect from today due to the depreciation of the dollar in the world market.

"In the recent past, people used to avoid patronising hotels to have a cup of milk tea due to the increase in milk powder prices.

...



# Man who jumped off Sri Pada Uda Maluwa and went missing, found

*2024-04-25 12:28:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Man-who-jumped-off-Sri-Pada-Uda-Maluwa-and-went-missing-found/108-281352)

Police found the 33-year-old pilgrim who had climbed Sri Pada and had gone missing after jumping off the protective fence at the Ratnapura-Sri Pada route at the Uda Maluwa.

The police found him lying in the Rajamalai Estate and admitted him to the Dikoya Hospital.

They said the Siripagama Police and the STF, with the help of the army, had launched a search operation to trace the young man from where he had jumped.

He jumped over the protective fence near the steps leading to Sri Padasthana on April 17 and disappeared.

...



# The train is not allowed to hang on the stairs;Railway department

*2024-04-25 12:23:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181923)

The train department said that it is banned from going to the stairs on the stairs.

Many accidents have been reported as local and foreign tourists, especially the trains traveling to the hill country, are hanging on the stairs.

Railway guards and other officials have been advised to take steps to prevent passengers from hanging on the stairs on the stairs to address the problem.

Despite the action, it is worrying that accidents are caused by foreign tourists traveling in stairs on the railway trains.

...



# Three -month holiday with Sampanthan's salary!

*2024-04-25 12:22:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181926)

Trincomalee District Parliamentarian. Parliament today granted permission to grant a three -month holiday with Sampanthan.

Opposition chief organizer Lakshman Kiriella presented this idea in Parliament. Tamil National Alliance MP Charles Nirmalanathan supported the resolution.



# Palestinian pro -Palestinian protests intensify in US universities - more than 100 students arrested

*2024-04-25 12:15:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181925)

More than 100 students have been arrested by police who have taken stern action against students who have been protesting against Israel at US universities.

Police have arrested 34 people, including journalists, who were protesting at Austin's Texas University.

Such demonstrations are taking place in many universities in the United States following the launching of protests in New York's Columbia University, demanding the disconnection of the armed forces with Israel.

The university was closed due to a siege within the university, using furniture tents at the Califorina State Politechnic University.

...



# Minister Manusashet received a foreign-employment racket

*2024-04-25 12:14:02*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/විදේශ--රැකියා-ජාවාරමක්-ගැන-ඇමති-මනූෂට-ලැබුණ-ඔත්තුව/11-409256)

Labor and Foreign Employment Minister Manusha Nanayakkara says that the Foreign Employment Bureau has received complaints regarding the appointment of a police sergeant in Anuradhapura and a police sergeant.

Accordingly, the complaints have been received by a sergeant to Anuradhapura by a sergeant at Anuradhapura and a police officer in the Anuradhapura temple and recovering the complaints and recovery of blood tests.

...



# Do not mix the rice with rice

*2024-04-25 12:10:32*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/அரிசியை-அரிசியுடன்-கலக்க-வேண்டாம்/175-336312)

Education Minister Susil Premajayantha has today assured that the rice is supplied by the World Food Scheme (WFP) that is supplied to schools and is not suitable for the use of children.

Speaking to Parliament today, he said the rice packages were provided by the WFP in support of the government program.

...



# Do not mix WFP rice with government rice

*2024-04-25 12:10:32*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/WFP-அரிசியை-அரசாங்க-அரிசியுடன்-கலக்க-வேண்டாம்/175-336312)

Education Minister Susil Premajayantha has today assured that the rice is supplied by the World Food Scheme (WFP) that is supplied to schools and is not suitable for the use of children.

Speaking to Parliament today, he said the rice packages were provided by the WFP in support of the government program.

...



# Rescue

*2024-04-25 12:08:58*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/மலையகம்/ஸ்ரீ-பாத-மலையில்-இருந்து-குதித்த-இளைஞன்-மீட்பு/76-336311)

A good man who disappeared from the Sivanolipadamalai courtyard was found on Wednesday (24) afternoon, police said.

Dinesh Hemantha (33), a young man who went to Sivanolipadamalai with two women from Suryawewa, Hambantota

In this case, some of the youths from the Mare Estate of the Nallathani police division have told the good police that the missing young man was unconscious when he went to cut firewood.

The police who immediately went to the place were rescued and admitted to the Maskeliya Divisional Hospital and later transferred to the Dick Oya Hospital.

...



# 802kg of gems will be buying a price of gems

*2024-04-25 12:03:49*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/picture_story/කිලෝ-ග්‍රෑම්-802ක-මැණික්-ගලට-මිලක්-තියා-මිලදි-ගන්න-අවස්ථාව/10-409255)

A large gem stone in a gem mix of Rs.

The gem stolen at the Ella Mount Vegan Hotel has been planted at the Ella Mount Vegan Hotel, which has been inspected by US $ 60 million at a cost of US $ 60 million.P. Says Seneviratne.

Several buyers have already examined the stone and have already submitted the prices.

The certificates and valuation reports received by the relevant divisions have been displayed with this gem stone.



# Meeting the major coalition

*2024-04-25 11:50:48*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/பெரும்-கூட்டணியை-உருவாக்க-முக்கியஸ்தர்கள்-சந்திப்பு/175-336310)

As a first step to forming a vast political alliance, President Ranil Wickremesinghe met with representatives of the Sri Lanka PA (SLPP), Basil Rajapaksa and other parties and groups and decided to expedite the political tasks after May Day.

Prime Minister Dinesh Gunawardena represented the meeting. Ministers Prasanna Ranatunga, Tran Ales, Harin Fernando, Kanchana Wijesekera, Member of Parliament Mahindananda Aluthgamage and Anura Priyadarshana Yapa were present at the meeting on Tuesday evening.. President of the President Sagala Ratnayake also attended the UNP (UNP).

...



# Meeting to form a great alliance

*2024-04-25 11:50:48*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/பெரும்-கூட்டணியை-உருவாக்க-சந்திப்பு/175-336310)

As a first step to forming a vast political alliance, President Ranil Wickremesinghe met with representatives of the Sri Lanka PA (SLPP), Basil Rajapaksa and other parties and groups and decided to expedite the political tasks after May Day.

Prime Minister Dinesh Gunawardena represented the meeting. Ministers Prasanna Ranatunga, Tran Ales, Harin Fernando, Kanchana Wijesekera, Member of Parliament Mahindananda Aluthgamage and Anura Priyadarshana Yapa were present at the meeting on Tuesday evening.. President of the President Sagala Ratnayake was also present at the UNP (UNP).

...



# There is no change in the government this year

*2024-04-25 11:46:36*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/මේ-අවුරුද්දේ-ආණ්ඩුවේ-වෙනසක්-නෑ/11-409254)

ඇතැම් රාජ්‍ය නිලධාරීන්ගේ වැරැදි තීන්දු තීරණ නිසා රජයටත් ජනතාවටත් විශාල පාඩු සිදු වෙන බව නාගරික සංවර්ධන හා නිවාස අමාත්‍ය ප්‍රසන්න රණතුංග මහතා පවසයි.

He emphasizes that such facts have been charged with politicians at the end of the people.

The officials of certain government institutions have stopped due to the officials of certain government institutions.

The Minister was speaking at a meeting held yesterday (24) to address the problems that erupted in the Gampaha Municipal Council.. The discussion was discussed with the development projects made by the Gampaha Municipal Council.

...



# Ratnaadipa, who was the sky

*2024-04-25 11:36:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195955)

"ITC Ratnadipa Colombo" President Ranil Wickremesinghe opened a short while ago by President Ranil Wickremesinghe.

It is noteworthy that ITC Hotel Group in India is their first luxury hotel built outside India.

This is the specialty of 100 feet high in the sky, connecting two main pillars, and this is the first time in the country.



# Kanchana submitted the Bill

*2024-04-25 11:33:46*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/சட்டமூலத்தை-சமர்ப்பித்தார்-காஞ்சன/175-336309)

The Ceylon Electricity Board Bill, which includes the Electricity Board Reforms, was submitted to Parliament shortly before the Minister of Power and Energy Kanjana Wijeshekara.

The Bill contributes the highest contribution to the private sector in the power and energy sector.

Minister Wijesekera has promised to discuss the bill with all the Members of Parliament in Parliament.



# Super-luxury hotel ‘ITC Ratnadipa Colombo’ declared open

*2024-04-25 11:25:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98832/super-luxury-hotel-itc-ratnadipa-colombo-declared-open)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe declared open the super-luxury hotel ‘ITC Ratnadipa Colombo’ which boasts Sri Lanka’s first ever sky bridge ‘AHASA ONE’ connecting two towers at a height of 100m above the ground.

ITC’s Hotel Group, one of India’s leading luxury hotel chains, is reported to have invested close to INR 3,000 crore in the luxury Sri Lankan property, which is being set up under a subsidiary WelcomHotels Lanka. The luxury hotel — ITC Ratnadipa in Colombo — reportedly features about 352 rooms.

...



# Basil Rajapaksa will be made public after Ranil's announcement

*2024-04-25 11:23:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181915)

Basil Rajapaksa, the founder and former minister of the Sri Lanka PA, has told President Ranil Wickremesinghe that President Ranil Wickremesinghe will announce the presidential candidate after the official announcement that President Ranil Wickremesinghe will contest the upcoming presidential election.

The matter was announced during a meeting between President Ranil Wickremesinghe and Basil Rajapaksa at the President's official residence in Colombo.

...



# The price of lubricant oil in the world market has declined!

*2024-04-25 11:23:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181919)

The price of lubricant in the world market fell yesterday (24) to $ 87.

Accordingly, the price of a Friend Lubricant Bippa has been recorded at $ 87.92.

Considering the last one month, lubricant prices in the world market have continued to be up to $ 90, and the price of lubricant oil in the world market has fallen due to the increase in stocks.



# Gives for Dambulla town

*2024-04-25 11:22:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195954)

Dambulla Police say that wildlife officials and security personnel were able to expand the three odds who came to Dambulla town.

The three elephants were visiting Dambulla town and the residents of the area yesterday morning.

The wildlife officials were later deployed to be deployed in the area from the Wildlife, Dambulla Police and STF personnel.



# Tuition classes targeting 2023 O/L exam prohibited from April 30

*2024-04-25 11:17:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98831/tuition-classes-targeting-2023-ol-exam-prohibited-from-april-30)

Conducting and organizing tuition classes and seminars aimed at students scheduled to sit for the upcoming 2023 G.C.E. Ordinary Level (O/L) examination will be prohibited from next week.

Accordingly, all tuition and revision classes, as well as seminars oriented towards the 2023 O/L exam will be banned from midnight on Tuesday (April 30), the Department of Examinations said.

Strict action will be taken against those who violate the rules, the Commissioner General of Examinations noted.

The 2023 Ordinary Level exam is scheduled to be held from 06 May to 15 May, 2024.

...



# Gold price change

*2024-04-25 11:14:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195953)

The market data indicates that the prices of gold has been down.

Accordingly, the price of a 22 carrot prices in the gold market in the gold market in Colombo this morning (25). Up to 173,000.

Meanwhile Rs. Prices of "24 carrots" gold pound in 190,000. According to Rattota Market, Colombo Sources said that up to 188,000.



# Electricity Reforms Bill presented to Parliament

*2024-04-25 11:13:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Electricity-Reforms-Bill-presented-to-Parliament/108-281335)

Colombo, April 25 (Daily Mirror) - The Sri Lanka Electricity Bill, which includes proposed electricity sector reforms was presented to Parliament by Power and Energy Minister Kanchana Wijesekara a short while ago.

The Bill provides for greater participation of the private sector in the power sector.

Minister Wijesekera assured that he is willing to discuss the Bill with all MPs in Parliament.



# Special motorcycle force from the Special Task Force to suppress the underworld

*2024-04-25 11:10:14*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/picture_story/පාතාලය-මඩින්න-විශේෂ-කාර්ය-බළකායෙන්-විශේෂ-යතුරුපැදි-බළකායක්/10-409253)

The First Task Form Functional Task Force Task Force (STF) was chaired by the Public Defense Minister Tiran Alles at the Special Task Force Training School in Kalutara today (25).

The trainees were dispersed and the certificates and a special logo were dispersed.

These motorists are attached to the Colombo Crimes Division in an assigned to the Colombo Crimes Division.

Inspector General of Police (IGP), Senior DIG of Western Province, Senior DIG Task Force in charge of the Western Province.Were there.



# Special motorcycle force from the Special Task Force to suppress the underworld

*2024-04-25 11:10:14*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/uncategorized/පාතාලය-මඩින්න-විශේෂ-කාර්ය-බළකායෙන්-විශේෂ-යතුරුපැදි-බළකායක්/1-409253)

The First Task Form Functional Task Force Task Force (STF) was chaired by the Public Defense Minister Tiran Alles at the Special Task Force Training School in Kalutara today (25).

The trainees were dispersed and the certificates and a special logo were dispersed.

These motorists are attached to the Colombo Crimes Division in an assigned to the Colombo Crimes Division.

Inspector General of Police (IGP), Senior DIG of Western Province, Senior DIG Task Force in charge of the Western Province.Were there.



# Importers Association Explanation on the price of milk mango

*2024-04-25 11:09:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181913)

The Importers Association has said that the final decision has not yet been made regarding the reduction of the prices of imported milk flour.

Asoka Bandara, media spokesman for the Paul Maa Importers Association, said that the official meeting has not been held yet.

In March, the importers reduced the price of a kilogram of milk at Rs 150 and 400 grams of milk at 60 rupees.

Following the reduction in prices, imported milk mangoes are sold at various prices in the local market.

In this case, the importation of milk from New Zealand to re -prices from Thursday (25) from Thursday (24) said on Wednesday.

...



# New electricity bill aimed at industry reforms presented to parliament

*2024-04-25 10:59:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98830/new-electricity-bill-aimed-at-industry-reforms-presented-to-parliament-)

The ‘Sri Lanka Electricity Bill’, which incorporates the proposed reforms for the electricity sector, was presented to the parliament by Power & Energy Minister Kanchana Wijesekera on Thursday (25).

The Bill seeks to provide for the establishment of the National Electricity Advisory Council and make the Public Utilities Commission of Sri Lanka (PUCSL) the regulator for the electricity industry in terms of the proposed legislation.

...



# Proposed Power and Power Bill in Parliament

*2024-04-25 10:58:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195952)

The proposed Sri Lanka Electricity Bill, Power and Energy Minister Kanchana Wijesekera presented the parliament shortly.

The new bill has proposed several reforms of the power field under the new Bill.



# Unsuitable rice for schools sourced by WFP, not government: Minister

*2024-04-25 10:47:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Unsuitable-rice-for-schools-sourced-by-WFP-not-government-Minister/108-281334)

Colombo, April 25 (Daily Mirror) - The rice distributed among schools said to be unsuitable for children's co consumption was provided by the World Food Programme (WFP) and not by the government, Education Minister Susil Premajayantha assured today.

Speaking in Parliament today, he said those packets of rice were provided additionaly by the WFP to support the government programme.

...



# Sri Lanka rupee opens stronger at 297.10/20 to US dollar

*2024-04-25 10:39:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-rupee-opens-stronger-at-297-10-20-to-us-dollar-159953/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka’s rupee opened stronger at 297.10/20 to the US dollar on Thursday after closing at 297.95/298.10 on Wednesday, dealers said.

A bond maturing on 15.12.2026 was quoted down at 11.30/34 percent from 11.30/40 percent

A bond maturing on 15.09.2027 was quoted down at 11.80/85 percent from 11.90/95 percent.

A bond maturing on 15.03.2028 was quoted at 12.10/15 percent.

A bond maturing on 15.12.2028 was quoted flat at 12.15/25 percent.

The Colombo Stock Exchange was up; The All Share Price Index was up 0.05 percent at 11,911, the S&P SL20 was up 0.22 percent at 3,502. (Colombo/Apr25/2024)



# Certain Breid Couples 30 Gentines

*2024-04-25 10:38:39*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/සාපෙළ-උපකාරක-පංති-30දායින්-අවසන්/11-409252)

The Department of Examinations says that the tuition classes and seminars will be suspended from midnight on the 30th of this month.

According to a spokesperson that will be suspended from 12.00 midnight towards tuition classes, seminars and workshops.

Strong action will be taken to violate those laws.

The GCE Ordinary Level Examination is scheduled to be held from 6th to 15th May.



# Action to issue National Identity Card with QR Code!

*2024-04-25 10:38:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181902)

Public Security Minister Tran Ales said that steps will be taken to issue better National Identity Card than the present National Identity Card.

The bar code on the existing National Identity Card has been deleted for this purpose.. He said the new identity card with the R code will be issued soon.

He was speaking at the opening of the new Central Provincial Office of the Nuwara Eliya Department.

The Minister said that there are 340 seats to obtain national identity cards, but the government has a financial problem.



# Ukraine has begun to use long -range missiles provided by the US - US officials information

*2024-04-25 10:36:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181908)

US officials have said that Ukraine has begun to use long -range missiles issued by the US against Russian soldiers.

These missiles, which are part of the security assistance for Ukraine, reached Ukraine this month.

Ukraine has used these missiles at least at least once - US officials say that the soldiers in Crimea have been used.

The US had previously supplied ADCMS missiles to Ukraine, but was reluctant to provide a strong missile than the missile.

However, the US president has secretly granted permission to provide long -term missiles to Ukraine.

...



# Faculty of Sciences reveal

*2024-04-25 10:36:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195951)

Minister of Education Susil Premajay also says that 60,000 has been applied for new recruitments.

Mr. Susil Premajay also said that it will begin next week.

The Minister also said that 4,160 students of the College of Academy are expected to be exit from the Colleges of Science.

He was responding to a question raised by Opposition Leader Sajith Premadasa in Parliament.

He said that 23,005 persons have been carried out for teacher vacancies.



# The verdict against Mahindananda's decision on 30th April 30

*2024-04-25 10:34:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195950)

Developing a luxury house of the Cash Basgon Aluthgamage has been accused of purchasing a luxury house of the Money Laundering Act.The Colombo High Court sentenced to adjourn.

The verdict in this case was to be announced today (25).

However, High Court Judge Navaratne Mathusinghe said that it will be stated on the 30th of this month.

The case was filed against the Attorney General Mahindananda Aluthgamage, the Attorney General of the Government of the Government of the Government of Sri Lanka.



# 3 wild elephants in Dambulla town!

*2024-04-25 10:34:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181907)

Three wild elephants in the city of Dambulla were unrest in residents living in the houses around Dambulla.

The people of the area have seen these three wild elephants come to Dambulla and wander around houses and shops.

In view of the safety of the city, the Sigiriya Wildlife Officers and the Dambulla Police Station have taken steps to chase away the wild elephants with the help of police specialists.

Dambulla police said that 24 hours was taken to chase wild elephants.



# We don't know if the President voted

*2024-04-25 10:33:59*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/ජනපතිවරයා-ඡන්දේ-තියයිද-නැත්ද-අපි-දන්නේ-නෑ/11-409251)

MP Namal Rajapaksa said that the General Secretary of the Ceremonial Arose will be presented to the next presidential election.

He also said that there are several candidates in their party to submit the presidential election.

"We don't know if the President votes or not. The Sri Lanka General Front will contest the election. There's the mark of the pointer of the ballot paper. Tells the candidate. The Presidential election has a list of the Presidential Election. We present the man who can overcome the challenges and challenges. "



# Nethika, which was dressed in the srust in Dubai

*2024-04-25 10:24:53*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/sports/ඩුබායිහිදී-ලක්මව-රිදියෙන්-සැරසූ-නෙත්මිකා/9-409250)

Neenika Madusani Herath, who represented Sri Lanka at the Asian 20th Athletics Championships, was won by the silver medal.



# Namal's comment on the presidential candidate

*2024-04-25 10:20:46*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/ஜனாதிபதி-வேட்பாளர்-குறித்து-நாமல்-கருத்து/175-336306)

Sri Lanka PA MP Namal Rajapaksa has said that the appropriate candidate from his party will be fielded to contest the upcoming presidential election.

He pointed out that there are many candidates in his party to contest the upcoming presidential election.



# Importers issue clarification on milk powder prices

*2024-04-25 10:12:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98829/importers-issue-clarification-on-milk-powder-prices)

A final decision has yet to be taken regarding reducing the prices of imported milk powder, the importers say.

The media spokesperson of the Milk Powder Importers’ Association, Ashoka Bandara noted that an official meeting on the matter has not been held as of yet.

In March, the importers slashed the price of a 1-kilogram milk powder packet by Rs. 150 and a 400-gram packet by Rs. 60. It is understood that following the price drop, imported milk packets are being sold at various rates in the local market.

...



# Special Notification in O/L Examination

*2024-04-25 10:06:28*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/O-L-பரீட்சை-தொடர்பில்-விசேட-அறிவித்தல்/175-336305)

The Department of Examinations has announced that additional classes and seminars will be suspended from midnight on the 30th of this month.

According to a spokesman, a spokesman said that it will come into effect from 12.00 pm that day.

The GCE Ordinary Level Examination will be held from May 6 to 15.

Meanwhile, the Examination Department has stated that the results of the recent GCE A / L examination will be released by the end of May.. Remble



# Spain’s PM Pedro Sánchez halts public duties as wife faces inquiry

*2024-04-25 09:35:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98828/spains-pm-pedro-snchez-halts-public-duties-as-wife-faces-inquiry)

Spanish Prime Minister Pedro Sánchez has suspended public duties to “stop and reflect” on whether to remain in the job, after a court opened a preliminary inquiry into his wife.

In a statement, the Spanish leader said he urgently needed to decide “whether I should continue to lead the government or renounce this honour”.

The court said it was responding to corruption claims against Begoña Gómez.

Mr Sánchez said his wife would defend her honour and work with the judiciary.

...



# Sri Lanka worker migration, passport issues, begin to decline

*2024-04-25 09:31:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-worker-migration-passport-issues-begin-to-decline-159947/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka’s departures for foreign employment has declined for five straight months, while new passport issues have declined for seven, official data shows.

Departures for foreign employment in August 2022 was 26,394, down from 29,186 in 2022. In September departures fell from 30,104 in 2022 to 25,311, Foreign Employment Bureau data quoted by the central bank shows.

In 2022, 92,880 passports were issued in June, 100,396 in July and 115,403 in August.

In 2023, 88,308 passports were issued in June, 76,071 in July and 87,433 in August.

In December 2023, 53,431 passports were issued, down from 69,920 in 2022.

...



# Parliamentary Council begins

*2024-04-25 09:31:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195949)

Meanwhile, the Peace on Adjourn on the Passover attack is the second day of the debate today.

The debate was launched yesterday (24) and will be held tomorrow (26).



# Vavuniya Human Rights Commission Police and Forest Department

*2024-04-25 09:25:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181896)

Investigations have been carried out by the Vavuniya Human Rights Commission in connection with the arrest of eight persons, including the temple priest at the Adisivan Temple at the Adivasivan Temple.

Investigations were carried out by the Nedungeni police, the forest department and the temple administration, which was invited to the Office of the Human Rights Commission on Wednesday (24), located on the inner road in Vavuniya.

The Forest Department told the Human Rights Commission that the fire had been closed in their forest area when they went there and that plastic products, cooking waste and temple coating were poured there.

...

