# #SriLanka :sri_lanka: News Bulletin

<div id="news_lk_bulletin">

*Updated* **2024-07-01 20:05:12**

1. Palestinian militants fired rockets into Israel, tanks advance in Gaza 🚨
2. First Lanka Premier League match today, Candy Falcons won the coin toss ⚾
3. Sri Lanka Muslim Congress leader Rauf Hakeem expresses sympathy on the demise of Tamil political leader Sampanthan 🕊️
4. Bus fares reduced by 5.07% from midnight today in Sri Lanka 🚌
5. Three-wheeler fare cannot be reduced despite decrease in petrol prices, says All Ceylon Three-wheeler Drivers Association President 🛵
6. Sri Lanka extends gratitude to US for assistance in bilateral debt restructuring 💰
7. Sri Lanka to digitize motor traffic department operations despite complaints: Minister 📱
8. Petition on Keheliya's bail application will be considered tomorrow 💂‍♂️
9. President Mahinda Rajapaksa to make a special statement in Parliament tomorrow regarding foreign debt restructuring agreements 🗣️
10. Drunk man causes damage to four vehicles and Provincial Council property in Talangama 🚗💥

</div>

[Previous](data) Bulletins

## Methodology

This bulletin has been autogenerated by MistralAI's [mistral-large-latest](https://mistral.ai/news/mistral-large/) model, with the following [prompt](src/news_lk_bulletin/core/NewsBulletin.py):

*Aggregate these news articles into 10 bullets of information that will be practically useful to ordinary Sri Lankan citizens. EXCLUDE opinions, advertisements and political messages. ANNOTATE with emojis.*

## Source News

Based on **130** News Articles, from the last **14** hours.

# Palestinian militants fire rockets into Israel, tanks advance in Gaza

*2024-07-01 19:19:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100224/palestinian-militants-fire-rockets-into-israel-tanks-advance-in-gaza)

The Palestinian militant group Islamic Jihad fired a barrage of rockets into Israel on Monday as fighting raged in Gaza and Israeli tanks advanced deeper in parts of the enclave, residents and officials said.

The armed wing of Islamic Jihad, an Iranian-backed ally of Hamas, said its fighters fired rockets towards several Israeli communities near the fence with Gaza in response to “the crimes of the Zionist enemy against our Palestinian people”.

...



# To the toss of coin candy group

*2024-07-01 19:06:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198375)

The first match of the Lanka Premier League will be held today at the Pallekele International Cricket Stadium today (01).

Candy Falcons won the advantage of the coin, and they decided to bowl first.



# Hakeem sympathy

*2024-07-01 19:01:30*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/உறவின்-இணைப்பு-பாலம்-ஹக்கீம்-அனுதாபம்/175-339711)

Senior political personality who has been a link to the relationship between the Tamil community and the Muslim community. Sri Lanka Muslim Congress leader and Member of Parliament Rauf Hakeem Mudber, a Tamil political leader Sampanthan, said in a statement issued by Sampanthan.

Muslim Congress leader Hakeem further stated in his sympathy message:

I was deeply concerned about the news of the demise of political personality Sampanthan Sir, who had been tirelessly for his life to find a maximum political solution to the Tamil people and the minority communities in the national ethnic problem in Sri Lanka.

...



# Here is the listing of the reduced bus fare

*2024-07-01 18:57:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198374)

The National Transport Commission (NTC) has taken steps to reduce the bus fares to operate from midnight today.

The bus fare revision is made on the first month every year, taking 12 criteria by the national bus fare policy.

The minimum bus fare will be reduced by 5.07 per cent in this year's fare and the minimum bus fare at Rs.

Accordingly, all buses including expressways and the National Transport Commission have already stated the National Transport Commission.



# “Can't reduce fees”

*2024-07-01 18:53:58*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/கட்டணத்தை-குறைக்க-முடியாது/175-339710)

The President of the All Ceylon Three -wheeler Drivers Association, Lalith Dharmasekara, said that even if the price of petrol is reduced, the three -wheeler fare cannot be reduced and the tariff cannot be reduced when repairing fuel prices once a month.

He said that even two hundred thousand three -wheelers carrying people have not yet been installed.

Dharmasekera added that although the government has reduced the price of fuel, the government has not prepared a system of providing its benefits to the people who use three -wheelers.



# The Cash Committee granted approval for the Telecommunications Amendment Bill

*2024-07-01 18:18:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198373)

The Cash Committee shall be approved by the Cash Committee to amend the Sri Lanka Telecommunication Act 28 years later.

This approval was given when the Committee on Finance Purpose in Parliament met on 25.06.2012 was appointed as the Chairman of Parliament Dr. Harsha de Silva.

Officers representing the Attorney General's Department, Ministry of Technology, Telecommunication Registration Commission and other institutions had joined the meeting.

Accordingly, the officers who attended the meeting were said to be presented to the Supreme Court decision and submit all necessary amendments to the Bill.

...



# Sri Lanka extends gratitude to US for assistance in bilateral debt restructuring

*2024-07-01 18:06:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100223/sri-lanka-extends-gratitude-to-us-for-assistance-in-bilateral-debt-restructuring)

Sri Lanka’s State Minister of Finance Shehan Semasinge has reaffirmed the government’s commitment to keeping economic and other reforms on track, during a meeting with the US Treasury’s Deputy Assistant Secretary for Asia Robert Kaproth at the Ministry of Finance in Colombo.

Posting on ‘X’ (formerly Twitter), Semasinge stated that on behalf of the government and people of Sri Lanka, he extended sincere gratitude and appreciation to the government and people of the US for their support and cooperation in helping Sri Lanka recover economically and conclude bilateral debt restructuring, help find a resolution to Sri Lanka’s debt crisis.

...



# Sri Lanka to digitize motor traffic department operations despite complaints: Minister

*2024-07-01 18:00:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-to-digitize-motor-traffic-department-operations-despite-complaints-minister-170396/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka will commence digitalization of its Motor Traffic Department, including introducing an e-ticket system despite opposition, Minister of Transport Bandula Gunawardena has said.

“We are trying to digitalize the Department of Motor Traffic,” Gunawardena told reporters on Monday. “We are also trying to digitalize the way in which fees are being calculated in the expressway by calling for tenders.”

However, Gunawardena said that despite proposals for an e-ticketing system to combat theft by bus conductors, there has been opposition for transportation workers who take the matter to court.

...



# Petition on Keheliya's bail application will be considered

*2024-07-01 17:53:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198372)

Several further matters of the Rit petition presented by former Minister of Health Keheliya Rambukwella was postponed until tomorrow.

The Rit petition has been filed by the Maligakanda Magistrate's Court to direct the decree in the courtship of the court until the prosecution of the substandard antibodies.

The petition was considered in front of the judge of the Court of Appeal today (01).

The Deputy Solicitor General further stated that there was a misuse of the drugs that the potatoes have been in the process of controversy.



# What a drunk person did on the road

*2024-07-01 17:46:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198371)

Talangama Regional incidents reported a person who travels a man who had taken a sword.

The incident had occurred last night at Denzil Kobbekaduwa Mawatha in Talangama.

The man had been drunk and 4 vehicles and the Provincial Councils were damaged by the attacks on him.



# President Mahinda Rajapaksa tomorrow

*2024-07-01 17:15:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198370)

The President is to make a special statement in Parliament tomorrow (02) regarding the implementation of the agreements to restructuring foreign debt.

The proposal to be held tomorrow, the relevant proposal is due to be held on the standard or election vote.

The Committee on Parliamentary Affairs was held under the patronage of Speaker Mahinda Yapa Abeywardena today (01).

Meanwhile, MP Lakshman Kiriella said that the party leader was not given to the government today at the party leader meeting today.

He said that one of the three covenants was still signed.

...



# President to deliver special statement in Parliament tomorrow

*2024-07-01 16:54:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100222/president-to-deliver-special-statement-in-parliament-tomorrow)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe is scheduled to make a special statement to the Parliament tomorrow (02) on the implementation of the debt restructuring agreements, the Parliamentary Communications Department said.

Accordingly, the debate and vote on the agreements have been postponed, it added.

...



# Sri Lanka to renegotiate cancelled bilateral loan projects after debt restructuring deal

*2024-07-01 16:45:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-to-renegotiate-cancelled-bilateral-loan-projects-after-debt-restructuring-deal-170381/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka has appointed a committee to look into renegotiate all the cancelled projects with bilateral loans after the last week debt restructuring deal, Cabinet Spokesman Bandula Gunawardena said.

The island nation reached US$10 billion debt restructuring deal with the members of Paris Club and China last week and President Ranil Wickremesinghe announced the success in the bilateral loans after the deal signed.

...



# Sri Lanka rupee closes stronger at 304.80/305.00 to US dollar

*2024-07-01 16:44:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-rupee-closes-stronger-at-304-80-305-00-to-us-dollar-170382/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka’s rupee closed weaker at 304.80/305.00 to the US dollar on Monday, down from 306.00/20 to the US dollar on Friday, dealers said, while bond yields were down.

A bond maturing on 15.12.2026 closed at 10.85/11.00 percent, down from 10.95/11.15 percent.

A bond maturing on 15.02.2028 closed at 11.90/12.00 percent, down from 11.90/98 percent.

A bond maturing on 15.09.2029 closed at 12.10/20 percent, up from 12.20/30 percent.



# Sri Lanka stocks close down, turnover lowest in a month

*2024-07-01 16:43:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-stocks-close-down-turnover-lowest-in-a-month-170369/)

ECONOMYNEXT – The Colombo Stock Exchange closed down on Monday, data on its site showed.

The broader All Share Index closed down 0.56 percent, or 68.05 points, at 12,076; while the more liquid S&P SL20 Index closed down 0.63 percent, or 22.71 points, at 3,565.

Most of this came from two crossings: John Keells Holdings and Plc (Rs107mn), share closed up at 204.00, and Hayleys Plc (Rs140mn), the share closed down at 105.00.

“These were from local institutions,” Softlogic Stockbrokers said. “Market was very, very slow today. Buying and selling was low on all counters.”

...



# An order pertaining to Carrom board case on 9th

*2024-07-01 16:42:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198368)

Former Sports Minister Mahindananda Aluthgamage and the former Chairman of the Avaveli Institute and the present Minister Nalin Fernando has been declared on the 9th.

They have been accused of distributing nearly Rs.

The case was being tabled by the Bribery Commission, Amal Ranaraja, Pradeep Hettiarachchi and Mahein Weeraman.



# Grandmother's abuse: toothbrush death

*2024-07-01 16:38:29*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/மலையகம்/பாட்டி-துஷ்பிரயோகம்-பல்-இறுகி-மரணம்/76-339704)

When she tried to abuse her grandmother, a fake tooth set, a miserable death of the father's throat, was a tragic death of the father.

Suddenly the mysterious Asami entered the grandmother's house. Somewhat unexpectedly, the neighbors shouted and tried to call the neighbors for help.

However, the mysterious Asami shuts down the mouth of the grandmother to prevent the noise of the grandmother. At the time, the fake toothpaste from the gate went into the grandmother's throat.

However, the grandmother hung in the hands of the mysterious Asami who tightened his neck. Somewhat unexpectedly, he left and went into hiding.

...



# Suspect arrested for raping 13 year old girl

*2024-07-01 16:17:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198367)

A suspect has been arrested for the incident that the 13-year-old schoolgirl residing in the Northern Polast area in the post of Nonbridge 04.

The suspect was arrested by the Nortonbridge Police yesterday (30).

The suspect is said that the suspect was a 9-year-old school girl and was hiding in Mawanella for about 10 years.

The Northobridge Police say that the suspect was arrested and produced before courts after being produced before the court.

The suspect had reached the police on an order at Hatton Magistrate's Court yesterday.

The daughter of his sister then signed the suspect and fled the area after his sister signed the suspect.

...



# Sri Lanka reduces bus fares by 5.07-pct; public transport declared essential service

*2024-07-01 16:16:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-reduces-bus-fares-by-5-07-pct-public-transport-declared-essential-service-170357/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Bus fares will be reduced by 5.07 percent from midnight ‍July 1, Sri Lanka’s National Transport Commission announced.

“We considered 12 factors for the revision including costs of tyres, tubes, battery and spare parts, interest rates, bus prices, to arrive at this percentage, and agreements with bus operator associations,” NTC Chairman Shashi Welgama told reporters.

The island nation revises fuel prices every month. Last night state-run Ceylon Petroleum Corporation cut the price of standard petrol, super petrol and super diesel.

...



# S. Kukadasan as a Member of Parliament for Tirumalai District?

*2024-07-01 16:12:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187402)

Hon.. We are shocked and deeply concerned about the news of Sampanthan sir.

District branch leader Shanmugam Kukadadhan has expressed his condolences and grief on behalf of the Trincomalee District Branch of the Sri Lanka Tamil National Party (TNA), including his wife, people, daughter -in -law and grandson.

Meanwhile, Kadiravelu Shanmugam Kukadasan is expected to be appointed as a Member of Parliament for the Trincomalee District of the Sri Lankan Tamil State Party.

...



# Sustainable Suspect Arrested at Nainadivu Ship Festival

*2024-07-01 16:09:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187391)

A youth was arrested on Sunday (30) on charges of death of a young man during the Nayanadivu Nagabushani Amman Temple Ship Festival.

During the ship's festival on June 22, another young man had fled the scene and fled the scene.

The injured youth has been rescued and admitted to the Nainadivu Hospital for further treatment.

Police rushed to the scene and arrested the suspect after reports were received that the attacker was carrying out investigations into the incident.

The police have taken action to investigate the arrested person at the Kayts police station and take action at the Kayts Magistrate's Court.



# Bus fare will be reduced

*2024-07-01 16:06:34*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/பஸ்-கட்டணம்-குறைக்கப்படும்/175-339703)

National Transport Commission Chairman Shashi Welgama said the bus fare would be reduced by 5.07 percent from midnight on Monday (01).

Shashi Welgama said this at a media briefing at the Government Information Department.

He said the minimum bus fare would be reduced by two rupees, which would be Rs.

He added that the bus fares will be revised according to the National Bus Payment Policy.



# Australia doubles foreign student visa fee in migration crackdown

*2024-07-01 16:06:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100221/australia-doubles-foreign-student-visa-fee-in-migration-crackdown)

Australia said on Monday it had more than doubled the visa fee for international students, the latest move by the government to rein in record migration that has intensified pressure on an already tight housing market.

From July 1, the international student visa fee has risen to A$1,600 ($1,068) from A$710, while visitor visa holders and students with temporary graduate visas are banned from applying onshore for a student visa.

...



# A wife looks for the law for her husband

*2024-07-01 16:05:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198366)

The Attorney General has informed the Court of Appeal that he will study the charges against the suspects against police officers involved in the death of a father of police.

New Thushara Chandraratne, a resident of Naula, a resident of Naula, a resident of Naula.

Naula worked at Naula Police responsible for the incident. Senaka Ruwan Amarasinghe, the wife of the deceased, is called to the Attorney General's senior to the Attorney General.The Deputy Solicitor General Dilipa Peiris made this notice.



# New bus fares amended. If more bus fares charged in 1955

*2024-07-01 15:52:09*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/සංශෝධනය-වූ-නව-බස්-ගාස්තු--වැඩියෙන්-බස්-ගාස්තු-අය-කරොත්-1955ට-අමතන්න/11-410543)

The annual bus fare revision was reduced by the bus fares of all bus fares to transport passengers from midnight on the middle of 2024 -20 days.

The National Transport Commission (NTC) stated that legal action will be taken to take legal action on the 1955 hotline.

Accordingly, the new bus fares to be operated in Sri Lanka Transport Board and private buses are as follows.



# Struggle to pay tribute to Indian fishermen

*2024-07-01 15:51:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187399)

A protest was launched in Jaffna, demanding the arrest of Indian fishermen, demanding the death of the naval person who died.

The protest was launched from the Jaffna Maratha Junction to the Indian consulate by the Jaffna District Fishermen's Co -operative Society Federation on Monday (01).

The Indian Embassy was handed over to the Indian Embassy, ​​following the permission of only five persons to meet the embassy officials, who intercepted the protesters near the embassy.

A naval soldier has died due to the activities of fishermen when they sought to arrest Indian fishermen who were fishing in the Sri Lankan waters on June 24.

...



# The flag of the Tamil party in Batticaloa

*2024-07-01 15:44:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187396)

The Tamil National Alliance (TNA) Batticaloa district parliamentarian R. Sanakiyan said that the demise of Sampanthan has grieved all those in the Tamil nationalist area.

The Tamil National Alliance (TNA) flag was flown in the Arakkam on Monday (01) in Batticaloa to pay tribute to the senior leaders of the late Eelam Tamils ​​and the leader of the Tamil National Alliance (TNA).

The Batticaloa District Branch of the Batticaloa District was held at the office of Parliamentarian Chanakyan in Kaluwanchikudi.

The tribute was held under the leadership of R. Sanakian, the leader of the Batticaloa District Branch of the Batticaloa District.

...



# Modi condoles demise of veteran Sri Lankan Tamil leader Sampanthan

*2024-07-01 15:42:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100220/modi-condoles-demise-of-veteran-sri-lankan-tamil-leader-sampanthan)

Condoling the demise of veteran Sri Lankan Tamil leader R Sampanthan, Prime Minister Narendra Modi said on Monday that he “will always cherish fond memories of meetings” with him.

Taking to social media platform X, PM Modi wrote, “My deepest condolences to the family and friends of veteran TNA leader R. Sampanthan. Will always cherish fond memories of meetings with him.”

“He relentlessly pursued a life of peace, security, equality, justice, and dignity for the Tamil nationals of Sri Lanka. He will be deeply missed by his friends and followers in Sri Lanka and India,” PM Modi further said in his post.

...



# Edappadi Palanisamy, General Secretary of the AIADMK

*2024-07-01 15:41:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187400)

"I pray for the soul of the Sri Lankan Tamil party Rajavarodayam Sambandan Iya to rest in the shadow of Almighty Lord Thiruvadi," the AIADMK general secretary Edappadi Palanisamy said in a condolence message.

In a condolence message issued by Edappadi K Palanisamy, the former chief minister of the AIADMK and the Leader of the Legislative Assembly.

"Sri Lankan Tamil political history is the largest pillar of the Eelam Tamil community..

His loss, the leader of the Tamil leader who has laid a perfect foundation to build the next generation of Sri Lankan Tamils, is seen as an irreplaceable in the history of Eelam Tamil

...



# Court orders Susil Priyantha Jayatunga further remanded

*2024-07-01 15:40:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198365)

The Supreme Court today ordered Susil Priyantha Jayatunga to remand the lawyer.

Susil Priyantha Jayatunga, who was president of the prosecution, was released on bail.

Accordingly, it was ordered to be remanded today.

Tribuna, President of the Supreme Court Judge Vijith Malalgoda declared open courts with the release of the respondents.

The complaint was called before Vijith Balalgoda, Shiran Gunaratne and Janaka de Silva.

The accusations were filed against the accused separately against the accused of violation of lawyers and insulting the judiciary.

The judge has informed the accused to give the charges not to punish the allegations.

...



# A young man arrested for stealing motorcycle in Jaffna

*2024-07-01 15:29:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187365)

The court has ordered that a young man who had been hiding in his home stole a motorcycle in Jaffna.

The motorcycle of a man from the eastern part of Meesala was recently stolen. A complaint was lodged at the Chavakachcheri police station by the owner.

According to the complaint, the police are conducting investigations, and it has been reported that a motorcycle has been hidden in a house in Allarai, about 2 km from the motorcycle theft.

According to the information, the police rushed to the house and rescued the motorcycle hidden at home and arrested the youth in the house for allegedly stealing a motorcycle.

...



# Struggle to protect the sacred nature of the temple

*2024-07-01 15:21:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187369)

A notice of protecting the sacred character of the Thirukoneswarar Temple was held in front of the Trincomalee Tirukkoneswarar Temple Parliamentary Council on Monday (01).

The Thirukoneeswara Temple Administrative Council, Volunteers and Saiva servants organized the attention.

The Trincomalee Municipal Council employee was attacked by a man who was arrested for allegedly selling leaks in a nearby shop.

The state department officials should come forward to protect the sacred nature.

It is also condemned to defend the environment of the temple to protect the environment of the temple and the legal sealing of the shop is reprehensible.

...



# Terrorist attacks risk - US military camps

*2024-07-01 15:13:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198364)

The United States of America has taken steps to put some USA camps in Europe.

The warnings were issued by the risk of terrorist attack.

Accordingly, the second level warnings have been issued and the warned about 10 years later.

According to the military camps, Germany belongs to the Army camps in Germany as well as the Avano Air Force Base.



# Where is the investigation report of the uprising against the Muslims?

*2024-07-01 15:01:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187393)

Six years have passed since the deadly attack on Muslims in the hill country, but it has been revealed that the authorities have not yet made the investigation report.

A journalist who was looking for credible evidence of directly accused of torture by government security forces has not responded to the Sri Lanka Human Rights Commission a year ago.

Shocking information about the failure to provide justice for the crime committed by the current president during the prime minister, the documentary released on the day of the day on the day of supporting journalist Bardiban Shanmuganathan's international torture.

...



# President to condole in Sambandan

*2024-07-01 14:56:49*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/சம்பந்தனுக்கு-ஜனாதிபதி-இரங்கல்/175-339700)

I express my deepest condolences to the death of Sampanthan. As a national leader, he worked tirelessly to reduce the divisions in our country. His loss will convey condolences across the country. President Ranil Wickremesinghe said.



# Teacher-principal trade unions to protest in front of schools tomorrow

*2024-07-01 14:55:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100218/teacher-principal-trade-unions-to-protest-in-front-of-schools-tomorrow)

The teacher-principal trade unions have planned to stage protests in front of schools tomorrow (02), demanding prompt solutions to their issues.

Meanwhile, they also announced their intention to unite all public sector trade unions as the teacher-principal alliance next Friday.

The teacher-principal trade unions are protesting today by displaying black flags and banners in front of schools over several demands, including the elimination of teacher-principal salary disparities.

Meanwhile, the Ceylon Teachers’ Union confirmed that tomorrow’s protests will take place after school hours.

...



# Land is not just that - President

*2024-07-01 14:55:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198363)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe says that all the land deeds obtained from the "Heritage" National Program should be joined by the Agriculture Navinance Program.

The President was speaking yesterday with a "heritage" phase in the Moneragala district yesterday.

In the "Heritage National Program of 41,960 Divisional Secretariats in the Monaragala District of the Moneragala district, President Ranil Wickremesinghe was chaired by President Ranil Wickremesinghe.

...



# Nuwara Eliya - Talawakelle Private Bus Drivers

*2024-07-01 14:53:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187386)

A bus driver and Nuwara Eliya Hatton Luxury Bus Drivers have been involved in a clash between the two bus drivers and the private bus drivers in Nuwara Eliya Talawakelle, who has been injured in the Nuwara Eliya Talawakelle main road.

In addition, two private buses operating on the Nuwara Eliya Talawakelle main road, which had been parked at the Talawakelle main bus parking lot on Sunday (30), were damaged.

In this case, the Nuwara Eliya Talawakelle private bus workers are carrying out a protest protest, urging the attackers to be arrested.

...



# The LPL tournament begins today

*2024-07-01 14:52:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198362)

The 5th phase of Lanka Premier League will commence at the Pallekele International Cricket Stadium today (01).

Dambulla Sixers and Candy Falckens in the first match celebrate the match and the match will begin at 7.30 pm today.

Former leader Michael Clay also attends the brand ambassador of the Lanka Premier League and the Brand Cricket Tournament.



# A rocket of China collapses

*2024-07-01 14:43:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198361)

The first phase of the rocket has failed due to a failure of the rocket and collapsed as soon as the launch center.



# An accident in Jaffna

*2024-07-01 14:25:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187389)

A motorcycle - tipper accident in Jaffna, Jaffna, has died without treatment.

On the 25th of last month, a motorcycle was traveling in front of a fuel station and crashed into a tipper vehicle.

He died without treatment after being treated at the hospital.



# Hirunika's appeal

*2024-07-01 14:19:41*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/ஹிருணிக்காவின்-மேன்முறையீடுக்கு-திகதி-குறிப்பு/175-339697)

The bail petition filed on behalf of former Colombo district parliamentarian Hirunika Premachandra (Pending Pending) has been postponed by the Colombo High Court on Monday (01).

Hirunika Premachandra, who was sentenced to three years in prison for kidnapping the youth in the case of a Defender vehicle, has appealed to the Court of Appeal by challenging the sentence imposed by the Colombo High Court.

When the bail plea was taken up in the presence of Colombo High Court Judge Amal Ranarajah, the Attorney General was ordered to appear in court on July 4.

...



# Hirunika's Man's appeal

*2024-07-01 14:19:41*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/ஹிருணிக்காவின்-மேன்-முறையீடுக்கு-திகதி-குறிப்பு/175-339697)

The bail petition filed on behalf of former Colombo District Parliamentarian Hirunika Premachandra (Pending Pending) has been postponed by the Colombo High Court on Monday (01).

Hirunika Premachandra, who was sentenced to three years in prison for kidnapping the youth in the case of a devotee vehicle, has appealed to the Court of Appeal by challenging the sentence imposed by the Colombo High Court.

When the bail plea was taken up in the presence of Colombo High Court Judge Amal Ranarajah, the Attorney General was ordered to appear in court on July 4.

...



# A massive recession for McCron in the election

*2024-07-01 13:51:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198360)

Murrows La Penn's Target Party has passed the French general election.

The UPFA, the UPFA, the UPFA party of the McCron party has taken a huge decline.

Meanwhile, thousands of people gathered to the capital city of Paris against the victory of the right hostener party.

A conflict between them and riot officials also occurred.



# Teacher-Principal alert from trade union alliance

*2024-07-01 13:41:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198359)

The Teacher-Principal Trade Youth Alliance (SLPA) is planning to obtain protests in front of school tomorrow (02) as soon as possible.

They also gathered all the trade unions on Friday, and they are ready to merge the Guru Grade Ministry.

Teacher-Principal Vocational Vocational Regional Vocational Escillator, including the removal of the teacher's salary anomaly, is being protesting in front of schools today (01).

The Ceylon Teachers Union said that the protests will be conducted after school hours.

...



# Balaki and boy injured in accident: Ivar hurt

*2024-07-01 13:31:23*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/விபத்தில்-பாலகியும்-சிறுவனும்-படுகாயம்-ஐவருக்கு-காயம்/175-339695)

Bandaragama police say seven people, including two boys, were injured when a car and a van collided head -on.

The van and a car collided with a group. The injured include 8 months of child and a 2 -year -old boy, police said.

The driver of the car alleged to have caused the accident fled from there. Police have recovered a driver's license, believed to be owned by the driver near the front seat of the car.

Police are currently searching for the suspect. The injured have been taken to the hospital for treatment.



# Governor of Northern Province

*2024-07-01 13:31:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187384)

Governor of the Northern Province BSM Charles expresses his condolences to the demise of Sri Lanka Tamil National Party leader R. Sampanthan.

I am concerned about the news of the demise of the Tamil National Alliance (TNA) Senior Leader and Member of Parliament, the 14th Opposition Leader of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka, Senior Politician and Attorney -at -Law

The Sri Lankan parliament has been represented as the voice of the Tamil people for a long time in about five decades of political history and has been the leader of the international community for the rights of the Tamil people.. Sambandan is seen.

...



# Tamil Nadu Chief Minister condoles

*2024-07-01 13:23:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187380)

Tamil Nadu Chief Minister MK Stalin has condoled the death of Senior Leader of the Sri Lankan Tamil party and Trincomalee district parliamentarian Rajavarothayam Sambandan.

Tamil National Alliance (TNA) leader of Sri Lankan Tamils. Sampanthan sir I was hurt and hurt. Mr.. Sampanthan said that my deepest condolences on behalf of the Tamil people of Sri Lanka for the Tamil relations of Sri Lankan Tamil relations.



# Sampanthan in Sri Lankan politics!

*2024-07-01 13:22:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187374)

Senior Leader of the Sri Lanka Tamil National Alliance and Trincomalee District Parliamentarian Rajavarodayam Sambandan passed away at the age of 91.

The family confirmed that he died on Sunday 30th after being admitted to a private hospital in Colombo.

Born on February 5, 1933, he was 91 years old when Sampanthan came to nature.

In 1956 he joined the Sri Lankan Tamil State Party. In 1963 and 1970. Although Velvanayagam offered to contest the election, he did not accept it.

He won the 1977 parliamentary election on behalf of the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) in Trincomalee and became a Member of Parliament.

...



# The remains of the late Sampanthan to Borella

*2024-07-01 13:15:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198358)

Late Opposition Leader as well as the Leader of the TNA leader. Mr. Sampanthan's body was taken to a private fleeing in Borella today (01).

He passed away last night while he was admitted to a private hospital in Colombo.

Rather, born on February 5, 1933, everyone recognized. As pigments.

He studied the primary education at St. Patrick's College, Jaffna and studied in several other schools.

He was the first to win the Trincomalee District in the 1977 General Election representing the Tamil United Liberation Front.

Accordingly, from 1977 to 1983 and since 2001, he was a Member of Parliament.

...



# Bus fares reduced

*2024-07-01 13:13:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100217/bus-fares-reduced)

The bus fares will be reduced by 5.07 percent with effect from midnight today (July 01), the National Transport Commission (NTC) says.

The NTC communicated this to the public in a special media briefing held this afternoon.



# Bus fares down from midnight today

*2024-07-01 13:11:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198357)

The National Transport Board has decided to reduce the bus fare from 5.07% in the midnight today (01).

Accordingly, the minimum bus fare will be down in rupees and its new price is Rs.

The National Transport Commission was speaking at a press conference to publish how the bus fare policy is being revised.



# Increasing visa charges for foreign students has also been released by Australia and new restrictions.

*2024-07-01 13:10:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187381)

Australia has increased visa charges for foreign students as an attempt to curb the number of immigrants as homes have been severely pressured as migrants have increased in Australia.

Visa fees for foreign students have been increased to $ 710, it has been announced.

Meanwhile, Australia has banned applying for a student visa and holders of temporary graduate visas.

Australian Home Minister Crear O Niel will help create a fair small settlement system that will help restore the integrity of our international education system.

Statistics released in March have revealed that Australia's immigration has increased by 60 percent.

...



# A cynical cynical named who were killed in six years to be prised

*2024-07-01 12:59:21*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/වසර-10ක්-සිරබත්-කා-නිදහස්-වීමට-ඇපදුන්-නැගණියගේ-දුව-දූෂණය-කලැයි-කියන-නරුමයෙක්/11-410542)

The Northern Bridge has been arrested by the Northern Bridge Police (30) after a 13 year old schoolgirl residing in the Nortonbridge.

The suspect was arrested by the Nortonbridge Police, who was arrested as a businessman in Mawanella and produced the suspect for 10 years due to a nine-year-old school girl.The Chief Inspector Kapila Wijeratne said that the suspect released was a suspect.

The suspect was arrested by the police on the occasion and the sister's daughter to the mother of the girl and had been arrested by the mother of Hatton Magistrate's Court on the morning of the 30th.

...



# Appeal from Hirunika

*2024-07-01 12:59:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198356)

Former MP Hirunika Premachandra has appealed to him to acquire and release him in jail for three years.

The petition has been handed over to the Colombo High Court to direct this petition to the Court of Appeal.

Hirunika Premachandra has requested him to be released on bail due to the bail of appealing to him.

The request is due to be considered before the 4th of the Colombo High Court Judge Amal Ranaraja.



# Hirunika submits appeal over prison sentence; seeks bail until consideration

*2024-07-01 12:55:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100216/hirunika-submits-appeal-over-prison-sentence-seeks-bail-until-consideration)

Former Member of Parliament Hirunika Premachandra has filed an appeal requesting to invalidate the recent verdict issued by the Colombo High Court sentencing her to three years rigorous imprisonment and seeking her acquittal from the case.

The relevant appeal has been handed over to the Colombo High Court to forward it to the Court of Appeal, Ada Derana reporter said.

Accordingly, Premachandra’s lawyers have also filed a bail application before the Colombo High Court requesting to release her on bail, since an appeal has been filed against the relevant verdict.

...



# He was conducting a serious fisherman in Hambantota at the Hambantota General Hospital

*2024-07-01 12:52:30*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/බහුදින-ධීවර-යාත්‍රාවේ-අසාධ්‍ය--සිටි-ධීවරයා--හම්බන්තොට-මහ-රෝහලට/11-410541)

The 'Devo 5 "Fisherman was taken to the Hambantota General Hospital for treatment.

Two fishermen who were in critical fishermen who were in critical fishermen from the Colombo Marine Search and Rescue Coordination of the Colombo Marine Search and Rescue Coordination."The Navy Headquarters said that the ship was killed in the ship.

The other fishermen in critical condition have been handed over to the Sri Lanka Navy Vijayabahu Ship, Vijayabahu ship (about 31 km) at the Vijayabahu Sandali yesterday.



# Trump-Biden Debate Saga: Vital Lessons On The Burden Of Gerontocracy!

*2024-07-01 12:44:05*

[colombotelegraphcom](https://www.colombotelegraph.com/index.php/trump-biden-debate-saga-vital-lessons-on-the-burden-of-gerontocracy/)

...



# Today's currency exchange rate

*2024-07-01 12:24:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187377)

The US dollar purchasing price was Rs 301.3772 and the sales price were 310.6444 based on the Central Bank's currency exchange rate on Monday (July 01).



# Police shot dead 13 -year -old boy

*2024-07-01 12:16:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187375)

A shocking video has been revealed by US police shooting a 13 -year -old boy who used a game gun.

A video of New York police shooting a 13 -year -old boy who shown a game gun has shocked Americans.

The incident took place following the police in Utika city from Manhatan to the police in connection with the robbery of two youths in connection with the robbery.

A police officer has reported that they have to sit down to ensure that they have no weapons, and the boy named Nyamuwe flew away from the police.

During the protest to arrest the boy, a police officer was shot dead.

...



# Piyumi Hansamali summoned illegal assets to the Investigation Unit

*2024-07-01 12:12:38*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/පියුමි-හංසමාලි-නීතිවිරෝධී-වත්කම්-විමර්ශන-ඒකකයට-කැදවයි/11-410540)

Piyumi Hansalay, a public modern manufacturer, has been paid to an investigation into a complaint made by a complaint made by a complaint made by a complaint that has earned billions of rupees.



# Indian Prime Minister Modi condoles the demise of Sambandan

*2024-07-01 12:10:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187360)

Indian Prime Minister Narendi Modi has condoled the death of Senior Leader of the Sri Lankan Tamil party and Trincomalee district parliamentarian Rajavarodayam Sambandan.

My deepest sympathies to the family and friends of R. Sampanthan, senior leader of the Tamil National Alliance. Happy memories of meetings with him are always admirable. He followed the life of peace, security, equality, justice and dignity for Tamils ​​living in Sri Lanka. This is a huge loss for his friends and his followers in Sri Lanka and India.



# EPDP organizer death of mysterious burns

*2024-07-01 12:10:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187357)

A person who was suffering from burns in the Vadamarachchi East, Vadamarachchi East, died on Sunday night (30).

On the night of June 20, a person was rescued by the public and was admitted to the Maruthankeni Divisional Hospital and taken to the Pedro Base Hospital for further treatment.

During this time, a person who was admitted to the Jaffna Teaching Hospital for further treatment died last night without treatment.

He was the organizer of the Eelam People's Democratic Party and the former director of the Vadamarachchi East Fisheries Co -operative Societies.

...



# Relationships of the missing

*2024-07-01 12:07:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187372)

A protest was launched in Jaffna in the arrangement of the North and East.

The protest was carried out in front of the Jaffna District Secretariat at 10 am today (01). The protesters carried the posts and chanted.



# Two of the three men who were beaten in the sea of ​​Kalkissa - one magic!

*2024-07-01 12:06:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187354)

Two of the three men who were beaten to the sea were rescued on Sunday (30) and one person was missing.

A 17 -year -old Abeysekera Mawatha, a man who lives in Kalkissa area, has disappeared, police said.

Three of the persons who were drowned in the sea on Sunday (30) were suddenly swept away by the sea.



# Amount of soil train for 6 months

*2024-07-01 12:02:48*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/මාස-6ට-මෙතරම්-දුම්රිය-පීලිපැනීම්-ප්‍රමාණයක්/11-410539)

The train passengers say that the train is about 11 jumps in the past six months in the year 2024, and the train has been arrested only four months last June alone.

Udayan Railway Passengers are accused of intense difficulties and inconveniencedays due to the Kandy-Colombo Fort and is due to the inconveniences of the Upcountry Railway Line.Do.

They say that if train trains are raised on the Kandyan Railway Light, they will have to go to the middle of buses and carrying their baggage and treasures.

They also say that foreign tourists travel in Kandyan trains, they are inconvenienced due to the difficulties due to these foreigners.

...



# Lieutenant Commander arrested for dealing with agitation

*2024-07-01 11:54:57*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/කලහකාරී-ලෙස-හැසිරුනු-ලුතිනන්-කමාන්ඩර්-අත්අඩංගුවට/11-410538)

The Lotus Tower was held in the Colombo Lotus Tower. Maradana Police say a Lieutenant command of Sri Lanka Navy who was attacked by a group of persons visiting a concert and a police officer and a Lieutenant command of the Sri Lanka Navy

The police constable has been admitted to the Colombo National Hospital for treatment.

The suspect is a duty to the Sri Lanka Navy headquarters.

According to information that a person behaves aggressively acting aggressively, a police constable had been blamed for the arrest of a police constable, the police constable, the police constable.

...



# Daduwa fisherman to be brought to the island

*2024-07-01 11:52:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198355)

The devi 5 "The Sri Lanka Navy's Vijayabahu ship was brought to the Hambantota port this morning.

He was later admitted to the Hambantota General Hospital.

Two fishermen who were in poor quality of unprotected fishermen from the Delivery of the Department of Delivery in the Marine Search and Rescue Coordination of the Colombo Marine Search and Rescue Center.

One fisherman was killed during the 'MV Kota Camil' while the fishermen were brought to land.

The other fisherman was handed over to Vijayabahu Sandew.

...



# Woman arrested for allegedly sending a young man abroad

*2024-07-01 11:45:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187370)

A woman has been arrested for allegedly defrauding Rs 50 lakhs for allegedly sending a young man from Jaffna.

A woman from Manipayi area has received money from a young man claiming to be sent abroad.

The young man lodged a complaint at the police station as he refused to give it to his money when the young man had not been sent abroad for a long time.

According to the complaint, the police have been arrested and interrogating the woman on charges of fraud.



# Piyumi Hansamali questioned by CID; asserts legitimacy of wealth

*2024-07-01 11:42:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100215/piyumi-hansamali-questioned-by-cid-asserts-legitimacy-of-wealth)

Actress Piyumi Hansamali has appeared before the Illegal Assets Investigations Division of the Criminal Investigation Department (CID) this morning (01), to record a statement regarding an investigation into the alleged suspicious acquisition of property.

Hansamali, emphasizing confidence in her innocence, stated to the reporters: “I have not done anything wrong, so there is no need to be afraid. We were actually summoned last week, but I only received the letter on Saturday. There are many documents that we need to get prepared…”

...



# Mother demolished the mother to attack the mother

*2024-07-01 11:34:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198354)

Her youngest son has been brutally assaulted by her youngest son.

The mother has been admitted to the Siyambalanduwa Base Hospital due to heavy blood cutting due to the attack.

The suspect, who had committed the attack, fled the area with his wife and child, and he had given him the home and the land built by mother and father.

The son, who was a tumor near the land for the land, has been attacked by a triple.

Our correspondent said that the mother had been assaulted and had three children and the son of attacked the assault.

Officers of the Dombagahawela Police Station has launched a special investigation to arrest the suspect.



# Three killed in light aircraft crash on motorway outside Paris

*2024-07-01 11:33:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100214/three-killed-in-light-aircraft-crash-on-motorway-outside-paris)

Three people were killed on Sunday when their light aircraft crashed onto a motorway east of Paris, the police and gendarmerie said.

No car was hit in the crash of the plane onto the A4 motorway in Noisiel east of Paris which appeared to have been caused by the aircraft hitting an electric power cable, said a police source, asking not to be named, adding that the road had been blocked in both directions.



# Does Bitan withdraw from contesting the presidential election?Family protest

*2024-07-01 11:28:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187367)

American media reports that Joe Bidan should contest the US presidential election and his family has insisted that he should not quit.

The information has been revealed as Jobitin's stumbling blocks during the directory with former President Donald Trump has been made.

The New York Times Times said that family members said that it could prove to the American people of Baitan that it could be the US president for four more years.

Knowing that he was behaving in a very weak man in the first reason, his family considers one person who can defeat Donald Trump as Baidane.

...



# Attack on the train

*2024-07-01 11:27:05*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/ரயில்-மீது-தாக்குதல்/175-339689)

The train's window and door has been damaged in the Dematagoda area on Sunday (30) at 6.40 pm from Fort Railway Station in Colombo.

It was reported that the train was traveling with more passengers and the attack had not been affected by the passengers.

In addition, some passengers have been thrown into the glass and the train has continued to travel despite the attack.



# Father's attempting to lack suicide by assault

*2024-07-01 11:26:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198353)

An unfortunate event was the assassination of a son in the Ipalogama police Division in the Ipalogama area.

The murder was commenced on the evening and commenced investigations on a message to the Police Emergency Unit.

The victim was dead in front of the house with bleeding injuries, police said.

The victim is a 66 year old new road, a resident of Hiripitiya.

Police have arrested the son of 34-year-old man in connection with the murder.

The victim's wife has told the police that his father had been assassinated by the suspect's son and that the suspect had been at home and the deceased had been home.



# Indian Prime Minister condoles the demise of Sambandan

*2024-07-01 11:17:52*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/சம்பந்தனின்-மறைவுக்கு-இந்திய-பிரதமர்-இரங்கல்/175-339688)

Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi has condoled the death of former Tamil National Alliance (TNA) leader and parliamentarian R. Sampanthan.

Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who posted a record on his site, said, “Senior leader of the Tamil National Alliance. My deepest sympathies to Sampanthan's family and friends. Will always admire the happy memories of meetings with him. He relentlessly followed the life of peace, security, equality, justice and dignity to the Tamil nations of Sri Lanka. He also said that he would be lost by his friends and followers in Sri Lanka and India.



# Aircraft collapsed on France

*2024-07-01 11:12:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198352)

Three people were killed after a light plane collapsed on a highway in France.

Foreign media reports that the aircraft crashed into a distance of about 30 miles [30 km] from Paris, France.

The plane collapsed, the airway has been relocated.

However, the airplane has not been reported so far, according to foreign media reports.



# Gevorg Sargsyan new World Bank Group Country Manager for Sri Lanka

*2024-07-01 11:10:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/gevorg-sargsyan-new-world-bank-group-country-manager-for-sri-lanka-170333/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Gevorg Sargsyan has been appointed the World Bank Group Country Manager for Sri Lanka, with effect from July 1.

This newly created position will provide a single point of contact for access to the full breadth of World Bank Group products and services, the Washington-based lender said in a statement.

...



# Politics and the Plantation Wage

*2024-07-01 11:00:00*

[islandlk](http://island.lk/politics-and-the-plantation-wage/)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe chose the Ceylon Workers’ Congress May Day platform, in Kotagala, to announce the increase of the plantation workers’ daily wage to Rs 1,700.00. An unexpected presidential fiat, delivered just a few months before a possible election by a potential presidential candidate, was made public from the political platform of a major plantation trade union, generally seen as pro-government. The self-evident political implications do not merit either debate or elaboration.

...



# Doctor injured in accident in Jaffna

*2024-07-01 10:53:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187356)

A doctor and a motorcycle passengers have been admitted to hospital after being injured in an accident which took place on Monday (01) on the A-9 road in the Jaffna and Chavakachcheri police division.

During this time, the two have been admitted to the hospital with injuries.



# Master Ranasinghe sworn in as Acting Attorney General

*2024-07-01 10:45:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198351)

Senior Deputy Solicitor General's Massantha Ranasinghe has been sworn in as Acting Attorney General.



# New Acting Attorney General takes oath

*2024-07-01 10:44:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100213/new-acting-attorney-general-takes-oath)

Senior Additional Solicitor General Parinda Ranasinghe took oaths as the Acting Attorney General before the Chief Justice, Ada Derana reporter said.

Last week, it was reported that the proposal to extend incumbent Attorney General Sanjay Rajaratnam’s term by another 06 months was defeated for the second time at the Constitutional Council meeting.

The proposal, which was submitted by President Ranil Wickremesinghe, was defeated with 05 votes against it while 03 members voted in favour.

Rajaratnam’s current term is set to expire at the end of this month, and the President had proposed an extension for an additional six months.

...



# 25 Tamil Nadu fishermen arrested

*2024-07-01 10:39:35*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/25-தமிழக-மீனவர்கள்-கைது/175-339687)

25 Tamil Nadu fishermen have been arrested in the early hours of Monday (01) on charges of fishing in the Sri Lankan waters.

They were arrested while fishing in the Jaffna Neduntivu Sea and the Navy seized their 4 boats.

Steps have been taken to appear at the Kayts Court by the Department of Fisheries and Aquatic Resources after investigations.



# 20 people injured in bus accident

*2024-07-01 10:32:27*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/மலையகம்/பேருந்து-விபத்தில்-20-பேர்-காயம்/76-339685)

On the ramp near the Weldeniya church on Colombo - Kandy Road,. Go on.More than twenty people have been admitted to Vadupitivala and Warakapola hospitals after a bus and private bus collided head -on.

A bus belonging to the Udhamulla Depot, who was traveling from Panadura to Kandy, and a privately traveling from Colonpindunuwei to Colombo.

The drivers of the two buses were reportedly injured and the police said they were investigating information that a driver had fled after the accident.

Due to this accident, traffic was blocked for about an hour on the Colombo -Kandy main road.



# Politicians and dignitaries condole the demise of Sambandan!

*2024-07-01 10:26:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187353)

Senior Leader of the Sri Lanka Tamil National Party and Trincomalee District Parliamentarian Rajavarodayam Sambandan passed away on Sunday, 30th, at the age of 91.

The family confirmed that he died after being admitted to a private hospital in Colombo.

Born on February 5, 1933, he was 91 years old when Sampanthan came to nature.

In this case, the senior politician. Many politicians and dignitaries have condoled the demise of Sambandan.

...



# One dead after armed gunmen storm French wedding

*2024-07-01 10:25:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100212/one-dead-after-armed-gunmen-storm-french-wedding)

A man in his 30s has been killed and several others wounded in a shooting at a Turkish wedding in north-east France, police have said.

French media report that three armed, hooded men arrived at the reception venue in Thionville late on Saturday night before opening fire on guests.

Quoting police sources, Le Figaro newspaper says the attackers came at 01:15am local time to “settle scores between well-known gangs in Moselle”.

A pregnant woman was among the wounded, police said, and three of the injured are reportedly in a critical condition at the Bel-Air hospital nearby.

...



# Train on train at Dematagoda

*2024-07-01 10:25:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187352)

A train from the Colombo Fort Railway Station at around 6.40 pm on Sunday (30) at around 6.40 pm.

Most of the passengers were traveling on the train, and the train's air and door were damaged by the stone blowing attack.



# Bus accident in Weweldeniya

*2024-07-01 10:14:52*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/වේවැල්දෙණිය-ප්‍රදේශයේ-බස්-රථ-අනතුරක්/11-410537)

A SLTB bus and a private bus collided in the Weweldeniya area on the Colombo-Kandy main road and 15 people were injured.

The injured have been admitted to Wathupitiwala and Warakapola hospitals.



# Piyumi Hansamali Illegal Asset Investigation Unit

*2024-07-01 10:09:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198350)

Piyumi Hanamali, a popular model, has arrived at the ICFI in the CID today (01).

It is to be made to a statement regarding a complaint lodged with a complaint that she has earned billions of rupees.



# US says elections in Iran ‘not free and fair’, won’t change regime’s direction

*2024-07-01 10:08:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100211/us-says-elections-in-iran-not-free-and-fair-wont-change-regimes-direction)

Iran’s elections are not ‘free and fair,’ the US State Department told Iran International on Sunday, in its first comments on the results of Friday’s votes that led to a runoff between a moderate and a hardline candidate.

The June 28 presidential election marked the lowest voter turnout in the history of the Islamic Republic, with only 39.92 percent participation. This breaks the previous record set during the last election, in which the late President Ebrahim Raisi won with a turnout of 48 percent.

“The elections in Iran are not free and fair,” a State Department spokesperson said.

...



# Sri Lanka Treasury cash balance of Rs542.3bn by end April

*2024-07-01 10:07:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-treasury-cash-balance-of-rs542-3bn-by-end-april-170321/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka’s Finance Ministry has maintained a positive cash balance of 542.3 billion rupees by end April 2024, only slightly down from 599.5 billion at the end of December, official data showed.

The Finance Ministry had received revenues of 1,205.1 billion from taxes, fees and other revenues, 7.9 percent above target, while total cash outflows was 1,420.5 billion rupees,  was less than expected coming in at 93.5 percent of the target.

Capital payments were slightly higher than target at 188 billion rupees.

The cash deficit to be financed was 403.4 billion rupees, less than the 603.7 billion rupees planned.

...



# Grama Niladhari officers warn of continuous strike

*2024-07-01 10:00:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100210/grama-niladhari-officers-warn-of-continuous-strike)

The Sri Lanka Grama Niladhari Association will hold a decisive meeting today (01) regarding their demands for a service constitution.

Chairman of the association Sumith Kodikara stated that the discussion will be held with the President’s Chief of Staff and National Security Advisor, Sagala Ratnayaka.

Meanwhile, Kodikara warned that if their issues are not adequately addressed, the association will initiate a continuous strike.



# Grama Niladhari officers warns of continuous strike

*2024-07-01 10:00:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100210/grama-niladhari-officers-warns-of-continuous-strike)

The Sri Lanka Grama Niladhari Association will hold a decisive meeting today (01) regarding their demands for a service constitution.

Chairman of the association Sumith Kodikara stated that the discussion will be held with the President’s Chief of Staff and National Security Advisor, Sagala Ratnayaka.

Meanwhile, Kodikara warned that if their issues are not adequately addressed, the association will initiate a continuous strike.



# Red alerted for 24 hours

*2024-07-01 09:56:02*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/24-மணி-நேரத்திற்கு-சிவப்பு-எச்சரிக்கை-விடுக்கப்பட்டது/175-339682)

The Department of Meteorology has issued a red warning that the fisheries and maritime community in the Arabian Sea is observed due to strong winds and sea turbulence.

The Arabian Sea is very turbulent as the southwest climate is intense.

Meanwhile, the Department of Meteorology has said that there will be some rainfall in the Western, Sabaragamuwa and North Western Provinces and Kandy, Nuwara Eliya, Galle and Matara districts.

Thundershowers will occur in some places in the evening or night in the Uva Province, Ampara and Batticaloa districts.

...



# Sri Lanka Navy personnel

*2024-07-01 09:55:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198349)

Sri Lanka Navy has arrested a group of Indian fishermen who were illegally engaged in fishing in Sri Lanka.



# Actuality

*2024-07-01 09:52:22*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/இறுதிக்-கிரியை-பற்றிய-தகவல்/175-339680)

The leader of the Tamil National Alliance (TNA) and the leader of the Sri Lanka Tamil National Alliance (TNA), Trincomalee district parliamentarian Rajavarodayam Sampanthan passed away last night at the age of 91.

He was admitted to a private hospital in Colombo due to ill health, and it was reported that he passed away around 11 pm last night.

Annar's funeral will be placed in the flower in Colombo and will then be placed in Parliament in Parliament.

It has also been announced that Annar's funeral will be taken to his hometown of Trincomalee for the funeral.

...



# MP Reanean assists

*2024-07-01 09:50:20*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/පාර්ලිමේන්තු-මන්ත්‍රී-ආර්-සම්බන්ධන්-දිවි-ගමනට-සමුදෙයි/11-410535)

MP Racan has passed away as the Leader of the TNA. By that time he was once.

He has passed away while receiving treatment at a private hospital in Colombo. A family spokesman said that he would inform the funeral.



# Mahinda's condolences to Sambandan's demise

*2024-07-01 09:45:16*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/சம்பந்தனின்-மறைவுக்கு-மஹிந்த-இரங்கல்/175-339679)

Mahinda Rajapaksa expressed his condolences on Twitter on the demise of Sri Lankan Tamil party leader R. Sampanthan.

He's an old friend. We have discussed many days of various things. His demise is a loss to the Sri Lankan political brotherhood. I would like to give comfort to his family and friends.. Remble



# Anganan's condolence

*2024-07-01 09:41:42*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/சம்பந்தன்-மறைவுக்கு-அங்கஜன்-இரங்கல்/175-339678)

Former leader of the Sri Lanka Tamil National Alliance (TNA), Tamil National Alliance leader, former opposition leader and Trincomalee district parliamentarian R. Sampanthan's death. Parliamentarian

The loss of Annar is a disaster for the Tamil national political area. He is a great man who sacrificed his legal career and engaged in people's politics.

It must be remembered at this moment that he used his political sort of politicalism and experience as diplomacy on many occasions during the three kinds of struggle of the Tamils.

...



# A shooting during a wedding ceremony of France

*2024-07-01 09:41:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198348)

A person was killed in a shooting between a Turkish wedding feast in France.

Several others were also injured and hospitalized was also injured and three of them were critical.

Three people have fled the shot by three people in the helmets.



# Sri Lanka President hoping for a quick finish to ISB holder talks: President

*2024-07-01 09:39:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-president-hoping-for-a-quick-finish-to-isb-holder-talks-president-170304/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka is in discussions with sovereign bondholders hoping for a quick deal as early as next week, President Ranil Wickremesinghe has told a public rally.

“Actually after we signed this (bilateral MOUs), the bondholders representatives started talking to us,” President Wickremesinghe told a rally in Matara on June 30.

“I thought this may take a month. Up to now we have been discussing effectively. I expect by next week we will be able to successfully complete this.”

“Then will have that agreement as well. So I told Harsha de Silva the chairman of Committee on Public Finance, let’s take all three agreements.”

...



# Sri Lanka President hopes for quick finish to ISB holder talks

*2024-07-01 09:39:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-president-hopes-for-quick-finish-to-isb-holder-talks-170304/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka is in discussions with sovereign bondholders hoping for a quick deal as early as next week, President Ranil Wickremesinghe has told a public rally.

“Actually after we signed this (bilateral MOUs), the bondholders representatives started talking to us,” President Wickremesinghe told a rally in Matara on June 30.

“I thought this may take a month. Up to now we have been discussing effectively. I expect by next week we will be able to successfully complete this.”

“Then will have that agreement as well. So I told Harsha de Silva the chairman of Committee on Public Finance, let’s take all three agreements.”

...



# Sri Lanka rupee opens stronger at 305.95/306.25 to US dollar

*2024-07-01 09:37:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-rupee-opens-stronger-at-305-95-306-25-to-us-dollar-170306/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka’s rupee opened stronger at 305.95/306.25 to the US dollar on Monday, while bond yields were down, and stocks opened 0.07 percent up, dealers said.

In equities, Colombo’s All Share Price Index opened 7.90 points higher at 12,152, while the S&P SL20 of more liquid stocks opened up at 0.17 percent or 6.25 points to 3,594.

A bond maturing on 15.12.2026 was quoted at 10.90/11.00 percent, down from 10.95/11.15 percent.

A bond maturing on 15.02.2028 was quoted at 11.85/12.00 percent, up from 11.90/98 percent.

...



# 15 injured as two buses collide head-on

*2024-07-01 09:31:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100209/15-injured-as-two-buses-collide-head-on)

At least 15 individuals have been injured and hospitalised following a head-on collision involving a passenger bus attached to the Sri Lanka Transport Board (SLTB) and a private bus on the Colombo-Kandy main road this morning (July 01).

The accident took place in the Weweldeniya area on the Colombo-Kandy main road, Ada Derana reporter said.

The injured individuals have been admitted to Wathupitiwala and Warakapola hospitals for treatment.



# Devon 5: The only fisherman who survived the vessel

*2024-07-01 09:13:17*

[bbccomsinhala](https://www.bbc.com/sinhala/articles/cp0812660v3o)

Devon 5: The only fisherman who survived the vessel

There is nothing here. Play video, "" I can't bring the crumbs. "Cannot bring Bodis' ''

The Vijayabahu ship, who was currently alive, had come to the Hambantota port this morning (July 1).

Navy Media Center for Captain Gayan Wickremasuriya told the BBC Sinhala service that the fisherman took necessary action to be taken to hospital.

One of the body of one fisherman was brought to land by the Vijayabahu Ship.

The Fisheries Director General has died after a large number of fishermen in the South Sea, which was in the South of Sea.Susantha Kahawatta declared to BBC.

...



# Van in Kalutara - Car collisionMother, father and 6 -month -old baby hurt

*2024-07-01 09:06:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187351)

A van and a car crashed into the Konaduwa area of ​​Kalutara - Bandaragama road on Sunday (30).

The mother, father and 6 -month -old baby who was traveling in the van were injured in the accident.

Further investigations are being carried out by the police as the driver of the car has fled after the accident.



# Met. Dept. issues ‘red alert’ for strong winds and rough seas

*2024-07-01 08:54:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100208/met-dept-issues-red-alert-for-strong-winds-and-rough-seas)

The Department of Meteorology has issued a ‘Red’ alert for strong winds and rough seas for Naval and Multi-day Fisherman communities in the Arabian Sea.

Very strong winds of 70-80kmph, and very rough seas are likely over Arabian Sea area (in sea areas bounded by (07N - 20N) and (55E – 68E)) due to the active south-west monsoonal condition, the department warned.

Furthermore, the department advised the naval and fishing communities not to venture into the sea areas marked in red on the map until further notice.  Those already in these regions should return to the coast or move to safer areas immediately.

...



# 15 injured in two buses collision

*2024-07-01 08:44:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198346)

A SLTB bus and a private bus collided in the Weweldeniya area on the Colombo-Kandy main road.

15 people were injured in the accident, police said.

The injured have been admitted to Wathupitiwala and Warakapola hospitals.



# Several spells of light showers expected in parts of the island

*2024-07-01 08:37:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100207/several-spells-of-light-showers-expected-in-parts-of-the-island)

The Meteorology Department says several spells of light showers will occur in Western, Sabaragamuwa and North-western provinces and in Kandy, Nuwara-Eliya, Galle and Matara districts.

Showers or thundershowers may occur at a few places in Uva province and in Ampara and Batticaloa districts in the evening or night, it said.

Strong winds of about 40-50kmph can be expected at times over the Western slopes of the central hills, Northern, North-central and North-western provinces and in Trincomalee, Hambantota and Monaragala districts.



# Violence following election results in France

*2024-07-01 08:34:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187350)

Following the racist party in the French parliamentary elections, the opposition parties have been involved in heavy demonstrations in the capital.

While the radicals are leading the French parliamentary elections, the current President Emanuel Macron's party has been relegated to third place.

The RN party has received 33 percent of the vote against the immigrants and the Left has received 28 percent of the vote.

French media reports that President Emanuel Macron's coalition received 21 percent of the vote.

If the people of France vote;RN Party leader Jordan Bardella said he was ready to be the prime minister of all the people.

...



# Fatal Accidents

*2024-07-01 08:26:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198345)

Five people have lost their lives in several accidents yesterday (30).



# French parliamentary election - in the presence of radicals

*2024-07-01 08:17:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187349)

While the radicals are leading the French parliamentary elections, the current President Emanuel Macron's party has been relegated to third place.

The RN party has received 33 percent of the vote against the immigrants and the Left has received 28 percent of the vote.

French media reports that President Emanuel Macron's coalition received 21 percent of the vote.

If the people of France vote;RN Party leader Jordan Bardella said he was ready to be the prime minister of all the people.

It is the first time in the history of the French parliamentary elections.



# A 17-year-old student drowns

*2024-07-01 07:52:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198344)

Three people who were diagnosed with the Mount Lavinia beach yesterday evening have fallen into a diabetic.

Two Navy Coast Guard were rescued by the Navy Coast Guard on the hospital at the time.

The missing is 17-year-old Abeysekara Mawatha, a resident of Mount Lavinia.

The Missing Mount Lavinia has conducted further investigations.



# Sri Lanka’s Rule Of Men Should End To Give Way For Rule Of (Fair) Law

*2024-07-01 07:51:00*

[colombotelegraphcom](https://www.colombotelegraph.com/index.php/sri-lankas-rule-of-men-should-end-to-give-way-for-rule-of-fair-law/)

Twelve years ago, ex-Foreign Secretary, H.M.G.S. Palihakkara, chairing the late H.L. de Silva memorial events in Colombo opined that what was prevailing in Sri Lanka was not the cherished Rule of Law but a system that could be branded as the Rule of Men in power. I analysed his bold contention and interested readers can access it here.

...



# Decisive discussion on the issues of Grama Niladhari

*2024-07-01 07:23:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198343)

The Government Grama Niladhari Association (GS) Association says that a significant discussion is to be held regarding the demands including a service minister.

The National Organizer of the National Organizer Sumith Kodara said that the Presidential Chief of Staff is to be held with Sagala Ratnayake.

However, the discussion will come to a continuous strike action, if he does not have a fair solution to his problems.



# Syhopec fuel prices change

*2024-07-01 07:02:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198342)

Syinopec has also been amended to the company to operate from today.



# A red notice on the next 24 hours

*2024-07-01 06:10:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198340)

The Meteorological Department has issued a warning red announcement of the strong winds and sea.

Accordingly, the department is informed to care for the multi-day fishing and naval community in the Arabian sea.

The active southwest monsoon weather may be very rough.

Meanwhile, the Department of Meteorology states that several thin closed will occur in the Western, Sabaragamuwa and North Western provinces.

Showers or thundershowers will occur at several places in the Ampara and Batticaloa districts of Ampara and Batticaloa districts.

...



# How should Sri Lanka leverage a new era in the UK?

*2024-07-01 05:50:08*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/columns/How-should-Sri-Lanka-leverage-a-new-era-in-the-UK/4-763705)

Sri Lanka should advocate for genuine and impactful change from the next UK government while also striving for systemic change within its own country

...



# Yes, it is $ 26 b in just 5 years

*2024-07-01 05:47:27*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/columns/Yes-it-is-26-b-in-just-5-years/4-763704)

The table illustrates the accumulated foreign currency inflow gap for Sri Lanka over the past five years compared to 2018, the year before the COVID-19 pandemic and the Easter Sunday attacks. To emerge from the current crisis, it is crucial to strengthen and expand these verticals. According to the table, Sri Lanka has experienced a loss of about $ 26 billion over the past five years, compared to if it had maintained the same inflow numbers as in 2018 each year.

...



# Will wind power projects mortgage our future?

*2024-07-01 05:44:22*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/columns/Will-wind-power-projects-mortgage-our-future/4-763703)

Saudi Arabia aims to utilise her vast arid lands to harvest renewable energy resources and to increase her share of renewables to around 50% by the year 2030. This is similar to Sri Lanka’s stated goal of 70% renewable energy usage by 2030. However, sadly this is where the similarity ends.

...



# Taking the dread, apprehension and suspicion out of Performance Reviews

*2024-07-01 05:41:27*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/columns/Taking-the-dread-apprehension-and-suspicion-out-of-Performance-Reviews/4-763702)

Employees must believe that PRs are fora where they can openly discuss their needs and concerns

...



# Sri Lanka’s Rule of Men should end to give way for Rule of (Fair) Law

*2024-07-01 05:37:24*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/columns/Sri-Lanka-s-Rule-of-Men-should-end-to-give-way-for-Rule-of-Fair-Law/4-763701)

Twelve years ago, ex-Foreign Secretary, H.M.G.S. Palihakkara, chairing the late H.L. de Silva memorial events in Colombo opined that what was prevailing in Sri Lanka was not the cherished Rule of Law but a system that could be branded as the Rule of Men in power. I analysed his bold contention and interested readers can access it at https://www.colombotelegraph.com/index.php/rule-of-law-or-rule-of-men-what-will-usher-prosperity-and-development/.

...



# Rock, paper, scissors: Sri Lanka’s mineral merry-go-round

*2024-07-01 05:31:53*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/columns/Rock-paper-scissors-Sri-Lanka-s-mineral-merry-go-round/4-763700)

We can achieve little in isolation in this modern milieu, and this rings true even in the muddy business of minerals and mining

...



# Rock, paper, scissors: Sri Lanka’s mineral merry-go-round

*2024-07-01 05:31:53*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/opinion/Rock-paper-scissors-Sri-Lanka-s-mineral-merry-go-round/14-763700)

We can achieve little in isolation in this modern milieu, and this rings true even in the muddy business of minerals and mining

...



# Imputed Rental Income Tax is an additional burden

*2024-07-01 05:30:31*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/opinion/Imputed-Rental-Income-Tax-is-an-additional-burden/14-763699)

Many owners of houses (that are somewhat small) located in Colombo have given these on rent and have moved to more spacious houses in the suburbs.

This they are compelled to do when family members increase when their children get married. The rent received from these houses is not enough to pay the rent for the relatively bigger house. Inevitably they have to pocket out an extra sum of money to bridge the difference.

...



# ‘Women mean Business: A Coalition for Action’ debuts

*2024-07-01 05:06:58*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/Women-mean-Business-A-Coalition-for-Action-debuts/34-763681)

Palmyrah Based Products Trainer and Producer Bapu Suthasini, Sandaliya Bimmal Owner Saman Kumara Senevirathne, Harshi Bathik Marketing Director Nugika Priyanthi Aluthge, Best Fashions Owner Venuraj Dhivya, Shani Apparel Owner Shanika Prashanthika, and Moderator Chrysalis Program Manager Grants and New Businesses K. Vinopavan at the panel

SANASA International MD Samadani Kiriwandeniya, Regional Development Bank Assistant General Manager Prasad Handunhewa, Central Bank Regional Development Department Deputy Director Nilanka Chamindani, Commercial Bank Chief Manager Mohan Fernando, and Moderator Savithri Rodrigo at the panel

...



# ‘Sustainability in Packaging Asia 2024’ spotlights need for circular economy

*2024-07-01 05:04:18*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/Sustainability-in-Packaging-Asia-2024-spotlights-need-for-circular-economy/34-763680)

The ‘Sustainability in Packaging Asia 2024’ conference was held in Singapore from 4 to 6 June. The high-profile conference showcased the latest sustainable packaging solutions from leading suppliers and other professionals in the industry while enabling packaging professionals to avail of an unparalleled mix of actionable insights, collaborative case studies, leading panel discussions, latest trends and emerging developments in the sustainable packaging marketplace.

...



# SJB calls for immediate appointment of AG

*2024-07-01 04:55:01*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/SJB-calls-for-immediate-appointment-of-AG/56-763674)

Samagi Jana Balawegaya (SJB) MP Chandima Weerakkody has called on President Ranil Wickremesinghe to take steps to appoint an Attorney General immediately.

Addressing a press conference on the weekend, he urged the President to appoint a qualified senior official as the Acting Attorney General or Attorney General with immediate effect.

Weerakkody accused the President of attempting to weaken the country’s judicial system and launch attacks against it.

“He even accused the judiciary in Parliament without considering the potential damage to the country’s democracy,” he said.

...



# Senior ASG Parinda Ranasinghe to be appointed as Acting AG

*2024-07-01 04:53:59*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/Senior-ASG-Parinda-Ranasinghe-to-be-appointed-as-Acting-AG/56-763673)

Senior Additional Solicitor General Parinda Ranasinghe, Jr. is set to be appointed as the Acting Attorney General of Sri Lanka. He is scheduled to take the oath of office before the Chief Justice today (1). According to Article 61E (b) of the Constitution, read in conjunction with Article 41C, his appointment will be effective from 1 July to 11 July.

According to reports, Ranasinghe has been appointed Acting Attorney General, alongside his current responsibilities.

...



# Tiran offers SL police expertise to combat global security threats

*2024-07-01 04:53:42*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/Tiran-offers-SL-police-expertise-to-combat-global-security-threats/56-763672)

Sri Lanka has pledged its commitment to bolstering global security efforts by offering the expertise of Sri Lankan police officers to combat rising security threats, announced Public Security Minister Tiran Alles at the United Nations Chiefs of Police Summit (UNCOPS 2024) held at the UN Headquarters in New York yesterday.

...

