# #SriLanka🇱🇰 News Bulletin

*Updated* **2024-02-10 16:17:40**

1. 🇱🇰 Sri Lanka has generated $3M in revenue through the sale of 5,200 metric tons of fuel via a revived bunkering system, marking a significant step in stabilizing the country's energy finances. #EnergySecurity #SriLanka
2. 🇮🇳🇱🇰 India and Sri Lanka are discussing a proposal for a multi-product petroleum pipeline connecting India's Nagapattinam and Sri Lanka's Trincomalee Oil Tank Farm and Colombo. #EnergyCooperation
3. 🎤 Several people were injured during a concert by popular Indian singer Hariharan at the Muttraveli Stadium in Jaffna, Sri Lanka. #ConcertSafety
4. 🇵🇰 Former Pakistani prime ministers Nawaz Sharif and Imran Khan both claim victory in elections marred by delayed results and militant attacks, leading to further political turmoil. #PakistanElections
5. 🇩🇪 Deutsche Bank reaffirms its commitment to Sri Lanka as a global banking services provider, having operated in the country since 1980. #Banking #SriLanka
6. 📈 The Colombo Stock Exchange closed up, with the All Share Index up 0.19% and the S&P SL20 Index up 0.39%. #StockMarket #SriLanka
7. 🇱🇰🇵🇰 Sri Lanka's High Commissioner to Pakistan, Admiral (Retd) Ravindra C. Wijegunaratne, attended the 3rd edition of the Engineering and Healthcare Show in Lahore. #TradeRelations
8. 🇱🇰🇹🇭 The Sri Lanka-Thailand Business Forum, attended by over 200 corporate representatives and a 21-member business delegation from Thailand, followed the signing of the Sri Lanka – Thailand Free Trade Agreement. #TradeRelations
9. 🇱🇰 Opposition leader Sajith Premadasa presented a 20-point 'Alternative/Practical Path' program for Sri Lanka's economic revival, advocating for rapid economic growth and expansion. #EconomicRevival
10. 🇱🇰 A heated argument erupted in Sri Lanka's Parliament over the suspension and subsequent reinstatement of Udapalatha Divisional Secretary Gampala Athma Dilruskshi. #ParliamentDebate

## Source News

# Sri Lanka earns USD 3 Mn in fuel sales to vessels through bunkering system: official

*2024-02-09 13:08:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-earns-usd-3-mn-in-fuel-sales-to-vessels-through-bunkering-system-official-150520/)

ECONOMYNEXT — Sri Lanka has generated 3 million US dollars in revenue through the sale of 5,200 metric tons of fuel via a revived bunkering system for vessels, State Minister of Power and Energy D V Chanaka said.

This signifies a significant step forward in stabilising the country’s energy finances, Chanaka told reporters on Thursday February 08.

The establishment of a USD 200 million buffer stock demonstrates proactive planning to mitigate future economic fluctuations and ensure energy security, he said.

According to the state minister, Sri Lanka currently holds the largest oil reserves in its recent history, which he said signifies a significant improvement in fuel security and preparedness.

The official said  Sri Lanka could also reduce fuel prices after March if there is no unpredictable events or sharp depreciation in the rupee currency.

Sri Lanka minister hopes to reduce fuel prices after March with boosted energy securitySee more



# India, Sri Lanka discuss proposal for multi-product petroleum pipeline

*2024-02-09 12:05:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97137/india-sri-lanka-discuss-proposal-for-multi-product-petroleum-pipeline)

The proposal submitted by the Indian government through the Indian Oil Corporation (IOC) Ltd. for the multimodal petroleum pipeline connecting India’s Nagapattinam and Sri Lanka’s Trincomalee Oil Tank Farm and Colombo has been taken up for discussion.

In a post on X (formerly Twitter), Minister of Power & Energy Kanchana Wijesekera said the discussion was held with the IndianOil Company on Wednesday (Feb.07), on the sidelines of the India Energy Week.

The meeting was joined by the chairpersons of Indian Oil Corporation (IOC), Lanka IOC, Ceylon Petroleum Corporation (CPC), and Petroleum Development Authority of Sri Lanka (PDASL).

The minister said technical studies, demand market analysis, financial analysis, and business models are planned to be conducted to determine the mechanism involved.

Wijesekera further mentioned that the focus of the meeting also fell on investments and expansion of projects under the joint venture of the Oil Tank Farm in Trincomalee, Ceylon Petroleum Storage Terminals Limited (CPSTL), and Lanka IOC retail operations.

The Sri Lankan lawmaker participated in the 2nd edition of the India Energy Week held from 6-7 February in Goa at the invitation of the Ministry of Petroleum & Natural Gas of India.

At a bilateral meeting held with Hardeep Singh Puri, India’s Minister of Petroleum and Natural Gas, Wijesekera has discussed the ongoing energy projects with the assistance of the Indian government, Indian investments and energy policy on future developments.

During the India Energy Week, the minister visited the facilities of Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC) in Goa. The training facilities at ONGC provide modern training and safety tools to energy companies.

He commended the use of robotics and drones by the ONGC for fire combating in refineries, oil rigs, petroleum storage facilities and logistics operations, as it ensures a safer environment for the employees and minimizes the risk of fire damage.



# Let Dudley Speak!

*2024-02-09 16:53:26*

[colombotelegraphcom](https://www.colombotelegraph.com/index.php/let-dudley-speak/)

“Everything is abnormal in our society; that is how these things happen, and, when they do, nobody knows how to act-not only in the most difficult situations, but even in the simplest” – Fyodor Dostoevsky

“Happy families are all alike, every unhappy family is unhappy in its own way” – Anna Karenina-Leo Tolstoy

Going by the various posts, it is obvious that there is a certain fascination with Dudley Sirisena on the part of the social media; more than most other businessmen or politically connected persons. Possibly, the perception that he is a decisive ‘player’ in the rice market, the staple food of the country, gives rise to the public’s curiosity.  Perhaps, it is the Western suit he prefers at formal occasions like Weddings, unlike his more famous brother who remains in the traditional dress, is what evokes interest. Even the name titillates, names such as ‘Dudley’, ’Percy’, ’Mervyn’ and ‘Reggie’; very English names on very un-English personalities, a particularly common practice among an older generation of Sri Lankans. The resulting sense of unreality, the mismatch, is explained away by reference to the more than a Century occupation of the Island by the British. An explanation which does not extend to all colonial stories; it is difficult to conceive of the Indian independence movement under the leadership of a ‘Don Stephen’ Gandhi or a ‘Solomon West Ridgeway’ Nehru.

Dudley Sirisena is from a high achieving family, his brother Maithripala Sirisena was elected President in 2015, voted in on a platform of ‘Good Governance’, an ingredient which he claimed was sorely lacking in the then reigning Mahinda Rajapaksa government of which he was a minister almost to the last day. How often we are provided with such political idylls! Like the nebulous ‘Dharmista’ (righteous) of half a century ago,’ ‘Good Governance’ also proved to be still-born!

Hardly had the Sirisena government commenced when it was hit by a deeply wounding scandal at the Central Bank. Their newly appointed Governor had a son-in- aw who was a primary dealer in government Bonds. Within a few weeks there were allegations of favouritism and interference at the bank in favour of the young man. Every government magnifies the significance of its appointees to high posts, a hype contradicted by the sum results of the seventy years since independence; most appointees have been bad, the rest even worse! It seems failed cultures see things in a manner peculiar to themselves, a view which is then elevated to an article of faith by the prevailing social narration of that culture; ‘he is like an encyclopaedia’, ‘he is a product of Oxford’, ‘he has held an important post overseas where white people reported to him (Sunak clones!)’, ‘his English is so good even Englishmen are impressed!; utter nonsense of a nonsensical society, a failed society on nearly every score.

With the Central Bank scandal impacting the very basis of the mandate, the 2015 government soon became a farce, the coup de grace coming in the form of the Easter bombings of 2019. The diminishing of Maithripala Sirisena was rapid; a befuddled man on a large stage, confronting complexities never considered in his philosophy. At the Presidential elections held in November of that year Gotabaya Rajapaksa the opposition candidate triumphed with a large majority of votes. The continuation of the tragicomedy under this Rajapaksa is yet another episode of the saga.

If Maithripala Sirisena owes his ascend to the presidency of a country to the broad political methods and structures that came with the European occupation, Dudley Sirisena ought to be doubly grateful to that interlude, the relentless march of capitalism opens newer and greater opportunities evermore for those with the necessary wherewithal.

In a recent interview Dudley Sirisena expands on the sacrifices and the hard work that brought him financial success. We have no doubts about his assertion, success in any field demands unusual effort. Nevertheless, is hard work the critical factor in business success in our country? To elevate his particular story of labour, is to deny the daily labours of manual workers, office workers, professionals, varied categories of artists who also work hard, but are barely keeping their heads above water.

The world is not a fair place, certain economic activities; business, investments, speculation, wheeler–dealing and even professions can bring in disproportionately large rewards relative to a regular 8-5 job. Business activity, by its very nature carries risks, not every businessman is a success. However, in developed societies while there are the mega rich, the rest of the society also enjoy a high living standards. In contrast, in countries like Sri Lanka, while a handful indulge in an excessive lifestyle, most can hardly afford three meals for the family on their subsistence level salary. It seems, the value they add to a product or a service, is in the main expropriated by the owners of Capital.

Politics in Sri Lanka is a patronage business. Our public sector dances to the tune emanating from the intertwining of a corrupt political culture and sleazy business methods. Furthermore, that most essential element for business success, bank credit, is also a matter of who you know or how much political clout you carry (examine the top defaulters of any of our banks, the names tell a tale) Many a member of parliament has become prosperous entrepreneurs after being elected as legislators. The reverse is also happening; having acquired money in what is a very dubious business world, businessmen offer themselves as the solution to the country’s political problems. To observe this unholy relationship between business and politics, you have to only attend one of their family weddings or funerals; the gross bonhomie on festive occasions, the oleaginous speeches at funerals; how they break bread on joyous occasions, how they mourn the passing of their kind!

Dudley Sirisena accounts his financial success to hard work and sagacious entrepreneurship.

A few days ago, Dudley Sirisena was invited to a Colombo university to give a talk, presumably on business. When he arrived, a large body of students got on the road obstructing his vehicle, protesting his arrival. They did not wish him inside the university, leave alone listen to him. The rough and ready businessman had no choice, he had to turn back.

In other countries it is very common for institutions of higher learning to have captains of industries talking to the students. They not only widen the horizons of the students but also give them larger ambitions. Some of such invited speakers may be controversial, but, by and large, they are visionaries, inventors and motivators whose entrepreneurial activities have made the lives of millions across the world better.

A student’s ambition need not be limited to making a living out of a State owned enterprise or a life as a stoic government servant dictating policy to a hapless public.

Because of advancements in the computer industry we can now communicate with any person on earth in a matter of seconds. Governments today cannot impose censorships or restrict information, Social Media has made it difficult to hide misuses, including human rights abuses. In our own life time, the sheer number of improvements seen even on a basic car, from signal lights to protective airbags, have made motoring more pleasurable and a lot safer. More and better innovations are improving the quality of everything humans use, from medicine to sporting equipment, from food packaging to home-deliveries, entrepreneurs are driving the transformation at a pace unbelievable a few years ago. Whether you like it or not, tomorrow happens.

Needless to stress, our entrepreneurs are not of global calibre, content with replicating models and methods that have been in existence, in some cases, more than a hundred years now. Almost one hundred percent of the ideas and of course the equipment they use are imported. We have neither the capital nor the capabilities to make them here. Even when we attempt, it is like making a wheel, which can be obtained somewhere else easily. However, in this small economy some have accumulated a certain amount of wealth, enabling them to live a First World life in a Third World country. Perhaps they inherited some money, or, more likely, had an instinctive grasp of the native realities; who to befriend, whose palm to grease.

Yet, Sirisena should have been heard by the students. From every dialog there is something to be learnt. When a person talks about his career, he is invariably the hero of the story, his success is presented in heroic terms. It is for the listener to give an intelligent ear. Openness to the ‘other’ is fundamental to the intellectual process.

By chasing away Dudley Sirisena in that manner, the students violated a basic tenet of higher learning. The truth emerges only when opinion is allowed free expression. Another’s opinion does no harm to the listener, unless he allows it to. Institutions of higher learning ought to be sacred places, where thoughts flow freely, a million flowers bloom. Today in nearly every seat of responsibility in this country, from the President to the Peon, we have products of our education system. The same goes for the so called private sector. When considered against comparable Asian countries like Malaysia or South Korea, our failures become apparent. Not only do we lag far behind, we lurch from crisis to crisis.

Although financially Dudley Sirisena is at another level, his compatibility, both socially and culturally, with the students protesting his arrival at the university is undeniable. The vast majority of them are of rural background, and, perhaps resentful of social realities they perceive in a larger world. Although Dudley Sirisena had broken out of his condition, he was perhaps conceived as a mirror reflection of themselves, only older.



# Several injured during Hariharan’s concert in Jaffna

*2024-02-10 09:10:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Several-injured-during-Hariharans-concert-in-Jaffna/108-276732)

Jaffna, Feb 10 (Daily Mirror) - Several people were reportedly injured during the concert conducted by popular Indian singer Hariharan at the Muttraveli Stadium in Jaffna last night, the police said.

The Hariharan Live in Concert and Star Night was held yesterday at the Muttraveli Stadium.

A large number of people who came to see the concert tried to enter the area despite police protection.

It is said that many film actresses and actors, including South Indian film actress Tamanna Bhatia and Ramba, also participated in the show.



# Pakistan elections: Imran Khan, Nawaz Sharif both claim wins

*2024-02-10 08:40:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Pakistan-elections-Imran-Khan-Nawaz-Sharif-both-claim-wins/108-276730)

ISLAMABAD, Feb 10 (Reuters) - Former Pakistani prime ministers and bitter rivals Nawaz Sharif and Imran Khan on Friday both declared victory in elections marred by delayed results and militant attacks, throwing the country into further political turmoil.

Sharif's party won the most seats by a single party in Thursday's election, but supporters of imprisoned Khan, who ran as independents instead of as a single bloc after his party was barred from the polls, won the most seats overall.

Sharif said his party would talk to other groups to form a coalition government as it had failed to win a clear majority on its own.

Sharif's announcement came after more than three-quarters of the 265 seats had declared results, more than 24 hours after polling ended on Thursday when 28 people were killed in militant attacks.

Analysts had predicted there may be no clear winner, adding to the woes of a country struggling to recover from an economic crisis while it grapples with rising militancy in a deeply polarised political environment.

The results showed independents, most of them backed by Khan, had won the most seats - 98 of the 245 counted by 1830 GMT.

Sharif's Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N) won 69 while the Pakistan People's Party of Bilawal Bhutto Zardari, the son of assassinated premier Benazir Bhutto, got 51.

"Pakistan Muslim League is the single-largest party in the country today after the elections and it is our duty to bring this country out of the whirlpool," Sharif told a crowd of supporters gathered outside his home in the eastern city of Lahore.

"Whoever has got the mandate, whether independents or parties, we respect the mandate they have got," he said. "We invite them to sit with us and help this wounded nation get back on its feet."

Khan's Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) party released an audio-visual message created using artificial intelligence and shared on his X social media account.

In the message, which is usually delivered by word through his lawyers, Khan, 71, rejected Sharif's claim to victory, congratulated his supporters on "winning" the election and urged them to celebrate and protect their vote.

"I trusted that you all would come out to vote - and you honoured that trust and your massive turnout has shocked everyone," the message said, adding no one would accept Sharif's claim because he had won fewer seats and because there had been rigging in the polls. Former cricket superstar Khan has been in jail since August, and was convicted three times in six days in the leadup to the polls for 10, 14 and seven years in cases related to state secrets, graft and an unlawful marriage.

Sharif, 74, a three-time former premier, returned from four years of self-imposed exile in the United Kingdom late last year, having contested the last election from a jail cell on a graft conviction.

He was considered the front-runner to lead the country, having buried a long-running feud with the powerful military.

Sharif said his party would have preferred to win a majority of its own but in the absence of that would get in touch with others, including former President Asif Ali Zardari of PPP, to open negotiations as early as Friday night.

In its first reaction, a senior aide of Khan said PTI leaders would hold talks among themselves and also meet Khan in jail on Saturday to discuss the results, Geo News reported.

Results of the vote have been unusually delayed, which the caretaker government ascribed to the suspension of mobile phone services - a security measure ahead of the election.

Independent members cannot form a government on their own under Pakistan's complex election system which also includes reserved seats that will be allotted to parties based on their winnings.

But independents have the option to join any party after the elections.

"A timely announcement of the results, leading to a smooth formation of a new government, will reduce policy and political uncertainty," Moody's Investors Service said. "This is crucial for the country that is facing very challenging macroeconomic conditions."

The delay in the announcement of results was unusual for Pakistan. Karachi's stock index and Pakistan's sovereign bonds fell because of the uncertainty.

The main electoral battle had been expected to be between candidates backed by Khan, whose PTI won the last national election, and the PML-N. Khan believes the powerful military is behind a crackdown to hound his party out of existence, while analysts and opponents say Sharif is being backed by the generals.

The military has dominated the nuclear-armed country either directly or indirectly in its 76 years of independence from Britain but for several years it has maintained it does not interfere in politics.

Analysts say a coalition government will struggle to tackle multiple challenges - foremost being seeking a new bailout programme from the International Monetary Fund (IMF) after the current arrangement expires in three weeks.

A coalition government "would probably be unstable, weak" and "the big loser ... will be the army", said Marvin Weinbaum, Director of Afghanistan and Pakistan Studies at the Middle East Institute in Washington.

"Because the army really has staked its reputation on its ability to deliver this vote."

The election was expected to help resolve the crises Pakistan has been dealing with but a fractured verdict "could very well be the basis for even deeper exposure to forces which would create instability", he said.



# Deutsche Bank continues its steadfast commitment to Sri Lanka

*2024-02-09 20:58:00*

[islandlk](http://island.lk/deutsche-bank-continues-its-steadfast-commitment-to-sri-lanka/)

Deutsche Bank today reiterated its commitment as a steadfast global banking services provider amidst the country’s journey through economic challenges. Operating in Sri Lanka since 1980, Deutsche Bank AG, has been a reliable partner for over 43 years, providing fully-fledged commercial banking operations, connecting Sri Lanka to Asian, European and US markets.

As the only European bank operating in Sri Lanka, with a dedicated team well-versed in local regulations and market trends, Deutsche Bank’s onshore presence and proven track record in frontier markets, help provide clients with seamless solutions.

Kaushik Shaparia, CEO India & Emerging Asia, Deutsche Bank, expressed strong confidence in the green shoots of Sri Lanka’s economy during his visit to the country. Emphasizing the bank’s commitment, he stated, “Sri Lanka is a key market for Deutsche Bank. We have remained invested through challenging times, supporting our clients as a trusted banking partner. As the economy strengthens, we look forward to contributing to its recovery and development plans.”

Deutsche Bank’s leading role in debt capital markets is underscored by being appointed as a Joint Lead Manager for international sovereign bond issuances since 2015. The bank’s Colombo branch collaborates closely with multinational companies and local corporates, offering a comprehensive range of services, including being a dominant provider of USD and EUR clearing services, Cash Management, Trade Finance, Securities Services, Foreign Exchange and Debt Capital Markets.

Niranjan Figurado, Chief Country Officer, Deutsche Bank, Sri Lanka, emphasized the bank’s deep understanding of the local economic landscape. He stated, “Deutsche Bank brings tailored solutions to its clients. We are poised to scale up operations, offering our award-winning products and services and uplift the financial landscape of the country.”

Recent accolades, such as being recognized as the Best Domestic Custodian and Best Fund Administrator by The Asset, attest to Deutsche Bank’s excellence.

JP Morgan agrees to pay $290m to settle lawsuit brought by Jeffrey Epstein victims

Liberal or edible economics – Global disorder worst in a century

Leave a Reply Cancel replyYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name *

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.



# Sri Lanka stocks close up, JKH pushes turnover

*2024-02-09 16:13:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-stocks-close-up-jkh-pushes-turnover-150543/)

ECONOMYNEXT – The Colombo Stock Exchange closed up on Friday, data on its site showed.

The broader All Share Index closed up 20.00 points, or 0.19 percent at 10,567, while the S&P SL20 Index closed up 3,026 points, up 0.39 percent, or 11.61 points.

Turnover was at 792 million. John Keells Holdings Plc saw large volumes traded (182mn), and the share closed up at 185.75.

Positive contributors to ASPI in the day included Sampath Bank Plc (up at 72.90), Hemas Holdings Plc (up at 74.00), and Commercial Bank of Ceylon Plc (up at 89.50).

Shares of Windforce Plc which is part of a consortium that signed a power purchase agreement with the Ceylon Electricity Board (CEB) on Thursday (8), relating to the 100 MW solar power project Rividhanavi (Private) Limited in Siyambalanduwa, closed up at 19.60. The company also announced a interim dividend of Rs1 per share for the year ending 31/03/2024.

There was a net foreign outflow of 45 million. (Colombo/Feb9/2024).



# Lankan envoy in Pakistan attends Expo – Engineering and Healthcare Show in Lahore

*2024-02-10 01:07:54*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/Lankan-envoy-in-Pakistan-attends-Expo-Engineering-and-Healthcare-Show-in-Lahore/34-758327)

High Commissioner of Sri Lanka to Pakistan Admiral (Retd) Ravindra C. Wijegunaratne attended the Expo – 3rd edition of the Engineering and Healthcare Show recently at the Expo Centre in Lahore.

The exhibition was organised by the Trade Development Authority of Pakistan (TDAP) in collaboration with the Ministry of Commerce and Export Development Fund of Pakistan.

Over 200 exhibitors from Pakistan showcased their products across 26 sectors of engineering and healthcare industries of Pakistan. More than 600 international delegates from 70 countries participated as buyers/visitors in the exhibition.

The Sri Lanka – Pakistan Business Council President Kaushal Rajapaksha and a 10 member Sri Lankan business delegation attended this event. The delegation included representation from leading companies in Sri Lanka such as Abans, Bata, Macksons and others. Their sectors of interest included electrical machinery, home appliances, pharmaceuticals, surgical items, packaging, chemicals, etc. The delegation was accompanied by High Commission of Pakistan in Colombo Trade and Investment Attaché Asmma Kamal.

On the side-lines of the exhibition, a Memorandum of Understanding between the Sri Lanka Pakistan Business Council and the Gujranwala Business Centre which is coming under the Ministry of Production and Industries of Pakistan was signed at the Expo Centre in Lahore. The High Commissioner of Sri Lanka to Pakistan Admiral (Retd) Ravindra C. Wijegunaratne witnessed the signing of the Memorandum of Understanding.

The signing of another two Memoranda of Understanding between the Sri Lanka Pakistan Business Council and the Lahore Chamber of Commerce and the Punjab Board of Investment and Trade also took place. The Lahore Chamber of Commerce is the largest trade chamber in Asia, having 35,000 active members.

Under the guidance of High Commissioner Wijegunaratne, Honorary Consul of Sri Lanka in Lahore Yasin Joyia actively participated in and contributed to the event.

During the event, the High Commissioner interacted with the local media and visiting delegates from Sri Lanka.



# Dynamic B2B sessions at Sri Lanka –Thailand Business Forum

*2024-02-10 01:08:52*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/Dynamic-B2B-sessions-at-Sri-Lanka-Thailand-Business-Forum/34-758328)

Ceylon Chamber of Commerce Chairman Duminda Hulangamuwa welcoming President Ranil Wickremesinghe

The Sri Lanka-Thailand Business Forum, organised in collaboration with the Embassy of the Kingdom of Thailand in Sri Lanka, the Department of International Trade Promotion, The Ministry of Commerce Thailand, the Ministry of Trade Commerce and Food Security, The Ceylon Chamber of Commerce and the Chamber’s Sri Lanka - Greater Mekong Business Council (SLGMBC), on 3 February 2024, attracted high-level government and private sector participation.

Attended by President Ranil Wickremesinghe and Prime Minister of Thailand Srettha Thavisin, with the participation of over 200 corporate representatives and a 21-member business delegation from Thailand, the Forum followed the signing of the Sri Lanka – Thailand Free Trade Agreement.

The Free Trade Agreement (FTA) between Sri Lanka and Thailand holds significant importance for Sri Lanka, addressing critical challenges in the country’s export sector, especially the lack of both export diversification and varied export destinations.

The reduction in tariffs for traditional exports like tea, apparel, coconut, rubber, cinnamon, and fishery products is expected to provide a boost to Sri Lanka’s export growth in 2024, and the FTA is also expected to stimulate growth in services exports, particularly in sectors like construction, education, computer and IT services, tourism, and environmental services.

The Investment Chapter of the FTA is anticipated to attract Thai investment, addressing technology and skills gaps in sectors such as automobile, electronics, and pharma, while visa-free travel provisions will further reduce business costs for the private sector in both countries, facilitating easier setup and fostering tourism links.

The Ceylon Chamber and the SLGMBC were instrumental in facilitating a series of business-to-business meetings amongst the Sri Lankan companies and the Thai business delegation, serving as the first platform to foster bilateral relationships following the FTA. Expressing interest across a spectrum of sectors, including food processing, healthcare, energy, hospitality, tourism, fisheries, agriculture, and manufacturing, the Thai delegation actively engaged with their Sri Lankan business counterparts to explore mutually beneficial opportunities for collaboration.

The Ceylon Chamber views the FTA with Thailand as a catalyst for economic growth and trade diversification for Sri Lanka, positioning it strategically within the broader Asia-Pacific region.



# Sajith presents ‘Alternative/Practical Path’ program for economic revival

*2024-02-10 00:55:42*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/Sajith-presents-Alternative-Practical-Path-program-for-economic-revival/56-758314)

Says country’s citizens are seeking an alternative path and his party is presenting a 20-point proposal in response

Stresses SJB is charting balanced middle ground between far-right neoliberalism and far-left socialism

Emphasises that Sri Lanka has potential to achieve greater prosperity and foster innovation through implementation of these 20 policies

Opposition leader Sajith Premadasa presented a 20-point ‘Alternative/Practical Path’ program for Sri Lanka’s economic revival on Thursday while joining the debate on the Government Policy Statement presented by President Ranil Wickremesinghe at the opening of the fifth session of the ninth Parliament this week.

He said the country’s citizens are now seeking an alternative path and the SJB is presenting a 20-point proposal in response. Premadasa said the SJB is charting a balanced middle ground between far-right neoliberalism and far-left socialism.

Premadasa emphasised that Sri Lanka has the potential to achieve greater prosperity and foster innovation through the implementation of those 20 policies.

The Opposition leader said his party advocates for rapid economic growth and expansion, rejecting economic contraction and that it is the SJB’s vision to propel the country towards a pattern of swift economic development, aiming for inclusive growth and collective prosperity that elevates living standards, economic benchmarks, and ensures equality, equity, and justice. He also highlighted the prioritisation of a program aligned with these principles.

The 20-point ‘Alternative/Practical Path’ program of the SJB discusses shifting towards expanding the economy by departing from the Government’s contraction program, emphasising private sector-led economic growth for rapid economic development with the goal is to enhancing living standards and achieving inclusive economic growth centred on equality and justice.

It also calls for the signing of a more humane and developmental agreement with the International Monetary Fund by revising the existing agreement for improved micro and macroeconomic management.

Other points include drafting a national plan to elevate foreign direct investment (FDI) by attaining high rankings in the Ease of Doing Business Index and the Corruption Index, launching a comprehensive anti-corruption campaign, not confined to legislation but embedded in the constitution, focusing on export-oriented economic growth to revive the export sector and promoting small, micro, and medium-scale industries that contribute significantly to the economy, constituting 50% of GDP and 52% of total employment among others.



# Heated argument in Parliament over Divisional Secretary

*2024-02-09 12:37:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Heated-argument-in-Parliament-over-Divisional-Secretary/108-276670)

A heated exchange erupted in Parliament on a while ago regarding the suspension and subsequent reinstatement of Udapalatha Divisional Secretary Gampala Athma Dilruskshi.

State Minister Anuradha Jayaratne, Chief Opposition Whip Lakshman Kiriella, and Speaker Mahinda Yapa Abeywardana were all involved in the contentious debate.

State Minister Jayaratne raised concerns regarding the Divisional Secretary's transfer, claiming she had failed to pay a contractor for construction work in Udapalatha, instead directing Rs. 1.6 million to a third party.

He said she had posted a notice falsely claiming her removal from the National Heritage Association, which he claimed was founded by his father but did not involve him personally.

He said that there could be a sinister move to sling mud at him claiming I got her transferred, he said.

Responding to the accusations, Chief Opposition Whip Lakshman Kiriella highlighted the Public Services Commission's clearance of all charges against the Divisional Secretary, leading to her reinstatement.

“The Public Services Commission had reinstated the Divisional Secretary. This means that the Commission considered her innocent. Justice has to be meted out to the Divisional Secretary on that score," he said.

The State Minister countered swiftly saying that MP Kiriella is defending the Divisional Secretary because her husband is an active member of Samagi Jana Balawegaya and had been nominated for the Kandy Municipal Council.

This ignited further argument, drawing in Speaker Mahinda Yapa Abeywardana also in, who was also seen engaged in a heated exchange with MP Kiriella.

