# #SriLanka :sri_lanka: News Bulletin

<div id="news_lk_bulletin">

*Updated* **2024-09-27 20:07:04**

📰 **1. President Anura Kumara Dissanayake has ordered the reopening of roads around the President’s House in Colombo Fort, which had previously been closed due to roadblocks.**
   - The President’s House and its surrounding area had been classified as a high-security zone and were closed off to the public.
   - With President Dissanayake’s appointment, all roadblocks have now been lifted, the President’s Media Division said.
   - Accordingly, Sir Baron Jayathilaka Mawatha and Janadhipathi Mawatha will be accessible to the public from tomorrow (28).

📰 **2. The Ceylon Electricity Board (CEB) has said that an analysis will be launched on the project to reduce the electricity tariff.**
   - The Ceylon Electricity Board Chairman Dr. Tilak Siyambalapitiya said that the report of the analysis will be submitted to the Public Utilities Commission of Sri Lanka.
   - At present, as the official term of the Public Utilities Commission is over, new members will be appointed only after the creation of a new parliament.

📰 **3. The security personnel representing Parliament and the security guards and former governors, representatives, representatives of the Provincial Ministers, the Provincial Ministers and Provincial Ministers and Provincial Ministers have been removed.**
   - Since Parliament has been dissolved, the security personnel representing Parliament and the security guards and former governors, representatives, representatives of the Provincial Ministers, the Provincial Ministers and Provincial Ministers and Provincial Ministers have been removed.

📰 **4. A gang telephoned with a businessman from Trincomalee has said that the ancient coins received by the treasure are being sold for Rs. 10 lakhs.**
   - A gang telephoned with a businessman from Trincomalee has said that the ancient coins received by the treasure are being sold for Rs. 10 lakhs.
   - Subsequently, the businessman left the Anuradhapura area on Thursday (26) and the two suspects who arrived there had given fake coins to the trader and took 9 lakh rupees.
   - Subsequently, a suspect from the gang has been arrested on the basis of a complaint lodged by the victim's trader.

📰 **5. Three suspects have been arrested yesterday (26) with ice drugs in the Battaramulla area belonging to the Thalangama police division, police said.**
   - The suspects have been arrested during a raid carried out on confidential information received by the police.
   - The arrested suspects are from Meegoda and Battaramulla aged 35, 38 and 42.
   - The police have seized 10 grams 800 milligrams of ice from one of the arrested suspects, 10 grams of 600 milligrams of ice and 10 grams of 400 milligrams of ice.

📰 **6. President Anura Kumara Dissanayake has instructed to open the Colombo Fort, Colombo Fort, Colombo Fort, Colombo Fort.**
   - The presidential and the surrounding area had been named as a high security zone.
   - With the residence of Anura Kumara Dissanayake, all these roadblocks have been removed and the roads have been opened to the public use.
   - Accordingly, Sir Barron Jayathilaka Mawatha and the President's Mawatha will be open to the public use in front of the President's House.

📰 **7. The Maurika Railwayrassa temporarily closed for maintenance work.**
   - The Railway Department has taken steps to close the Philikali Railway crossing on the Kelani Railway line due to maintenance work.
   - The Department of Railways said that the crossway will be closed from 8.30 am to 5.30 pm on the 29th.
   - The Railway Department has requested the public to use alternative routes during that period.

📰 **8. Removal of the safety of former MPs.**
   - Police officers who have been appointed to the protection of former Members of Parliament have been recalled from today (27), police said.
   - Accordingly, steps have been taken to return to all the police officers who have provided former Speaker, former Deputy Speaker and former Opposition Leader.. Remble

📰 **9. In response to the Inspector General of Police.**
   - Senior Deputy Inspector General of Police Priyantha Weerasuriya has been appointed as the Inspector General of Police by President Anura Kumara Dissanayake in accordance with the powers vested in the Constitution.

📰 **10. Acting IGP Priyantha Weerasuriya.**
   - Senior DIG Priyantha Weerasuriya has been appointed as acting IGP.
   - He was the Senior DIG in charge of the North Central Province.
   - He is an officer who owns more than 36 years of the Police Department.
   - He was later promoted to the post of Senior DIG.

</div>

[Previous](data) Bulletins

## Methodology

This bulletin has been autogenerated by MistralAI's [mistral-large-latest](https://mistral.ai/news/mistral-large/) model, with the following [prompt](src/news_lk_bulletin/core/NewsBulletin.py):

*Aggregate these news articles into 10 bullets of information that will be practically useful to ordinary Sri Lankan citizens. EXCLUDE opinions, advertisements and political messages. ANNOTATE with emojis.*

## Source News

Based on **126** News Articles, from the last **18** hours.

# Insults case against Director General of Geological and Mines Bureau

*2024-09-27 18:56:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201611)

The Center has informed the Supreme Court that a case is expected to file a case under the context of the Director General of Geological and Mines.

They have informed the court that the case will file the case regarding the violations issued by the Supreme Court in Madampe.

A group of people, including the Environmental Justice Center, had filed a fundamental rights petition demanding the issuance of an illegal destruction prevention order in the Madampe area.

The Supreme Court had ordered that the petition was taken up on July 15, the Supreme Court ordered the existing situation.

...



# Plan to reduce electricity bills

*2024-09-27 18:55:00*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/மின்சார-கட்டணத்தை-குறைக்க-திட்டம்/175-344586)

The Ceylon Electricity Board (CEB) has said that an analysis will be launched on the project to reduce the electricity tariff.

The Ceylon Electricity Board Chairman Dr. Tilak Siyambalapitiya said that the report of the analysis will be submitted to the Public Utilities Commission of Sri Lanka.

At present, as the official term of the Public Utilities Commission is over, new members will be appointed only after the creation of a new parliament.

Dr. Siyambalapitiya pointed out that it was not properly done as it had to conduct the electricity tariff analysis four times a month.

...



# The former ministers removed security

*2024-09-27 18:06:43*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/හිටපු-මැති-ඇමතින්ට-දී-තිබූ-ආරක්ෂාව-ඉවත්කරයි/11-412185)

Since Parliament has been dissolved, the security personnel representing Parliament and the security guards and former governors, representatives, representatives of the Provincial Ministers, the Provincial Ministers, Provincial Ministers and Provincial Ministers have been removed.



# Money fraud for a businessman claiming fake coins as ancient coins;Arresting

*2024-09-27 18:00:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/194931)

Anuradhapura headquarters headquarters police said that a gang of gangs have been arrested for allegedly defrauding 9 lakhs of rupees from the businessman claiming to be ancient coins from the trader.

A gang telephoned with a businessman from Trincomalee has said that the ancient coins received by the treasure are being sold for Rs. 10 lakhs.

Subsequently, the businessman left the Anuradhapura area on Thursday (26) and the two suspects who arrived there had given fake coins to the trader and took 9 lakh rupees.

Subsequently, a suspect from the gang has been arrested on the basis of a complaint lodged by the victim's trader.



# Three arrested with ice drugs in Thalangam

*2024-09-27 17:48:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/194939)

Three suspects have been arrested yesterday (26) with ice drugs in the Battaramulla area belonging to the Thalangama police division, police said.

The suspects have been arrested during a raid carried out on confidential information received by the police.

The arrested suspects are from Meegoda and Battaramulla aged 35, 38 and 42.

The police have seized 10 grams 800 milligrams of ice from one of the arrested suspects, 10 grams of 600 milligrams of ice and 10 grams of 400 milligrams of ice.



# Fort closed to the people closed into the President's House

*2024-09-27 17:45:28*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/කොටුව-ජනාධිපති-මන්දිරය-අවට-වසා-තිබූ-මාර්ග-ජනතාවට-විවෘත-කෙරේ/11-412184)

President Anura Kumara Dissanayake has instructed to open the Colombo Fort, Colombo Fort, Colombo Fort, Colombo Fort.

The presidential and the surrounding area had been named as a high security zone.

With the residence of Anura Kumara Dissanayake, all these roadblocks have been removed and the roads have been opened to the public use.

Accordingly, Sir Barron Jayathilaka Mawatha and the President's Mawatha will be open to the public use in front of the President's House.



# The Maurika Railwayrassa temporarily closed for maintenance work

*2024-09-27 17:34:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201609)

The Railway Department has taken steps to close the Philikali Railway crossing on the Kelani Railway line due to maintenance work.

The Department of Railways said that the crossway will be closed from 8.30 am to 5.30 pm on the 29th.

The Railway Department has requested the public to use alternative routes during that period.



# Removal of the safety of former MPs

*2024-09-27 17:27:57*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/முன்னாள்-எம்-பிக்களின்-பாதுகாப்பு-நீக்கம்/175-344584)

Police officers who have been appointed to the protection of former Members of Parliament have been recalled from today (27), police said.

Accordingly, steps have been taken to return to all the police officers who have been provided with the protection of former Speaker, former Deputy Speaker and Opposition Leader.. Remble



# In response to the Inspector General of Police

*2024-09-27 17:22:04*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/பதில்-பொலிஸ்மா-அதிபர்-நியமிக்கப்பட்டார்/175-344583)

Senior Deputy Inspector General of Police Priyantha Weerasuriya has been appointed as the Inspector General of Police by President Anura Kumara Dissanayake in accordance with the powers vested in the Constitution.



# Acting IGP Priyantha Weerasuriya

*2024-09-27 17:16:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201608)

Senior DIG Priyantha Weerasuriya has been appointed as acting IGP.

He was the Senior DIG in charge of the North Central Province.

He is an officer who owns more than 36 years of the Police Department.

He was later promoted to the post of Senior DIG.



# I will not contest the election this time: Justice Wigneswaran

*2024-09-27 17:06:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/194901)

Former MP and Justice Wigneswaran said that I will not contest the election this time but will not contest the election this time but my political service will continue.

In that statement, the aim of the establishment of our party, the Tamil People's Alliance, is to defend the Tamil people's rights to protect the Tamil nationalism from disintegrating.. Accordingly, we are carrying out political activities for the Tamil people by glowing with political experiences and young people.

...



# Change in the main positions of the United People's Power

*2024-09-27 17:03:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/194938)

Opposition Leader and United People's Power Leader Sajith Premadasa has taken action today (27).

United People's Power Chairman - Former Member of Parliament

General Secretary of the United People's Alliance - former MP Kabir Hasim

United People's Power Gampaha District - Former Parliamentarian Harshana Rajagara

They have been appointed by Sajith Premadasa, the leader of the United People's Power and the Leader of the Opposition.



# Priyantha Weerasooriya appointed Acting IGP

*2024-09-27 17:01:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/102306/priyantha-weerasooriya-appointed-acting-igp)

Senior DIG Priyantha Weerasooriya has been appointed as the Acting Inspector General of Police (IGP).

President Anura Kumara Dissanayake has appointed Senior DIG Priyantha Weerasooriya as Acting IGP, under the constitutional powers vested in the President, the PMD said.

The President’s Secretary Dr. Nandika Kumanayake presented the appointment letter to the Acting IGP at the Presidential Secretariat in Colombo today (27)

Prior to this appointment, Weerasooriya served as the Senior SIG in charge of the North Central Province, a position he has held since March 2024.

...



# Kamindu Mendis becomes joint-third fastest to 1000 Test runs, goes level with Don Bradman

*2024-09-27 16:37:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/102305/kamindu-mendis-becomes-joint-third-fastest-to-1000-test-runs-goes-level-with-don-bradman)

Sri Lanka’s Kamindu Mendis became the joint-third fastest player to reach 1000 Test runs during the second Test against New Zealand on Friday.

The 25-year-old achieved this feat by hitting a six off Rachin Ravindra. He goes level with Australia great Don Bradman’s record of 13 innings.

Earlier today, Mendis brought up his fifth Test century which made him the fastest Asian batter to do so. He is now joint-fourth fastest in the all-time list of fastest batters to five Test centuries.

...



# Another exclusive report from Komin

*2024-09-27 16:21:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201607)

Between Sri Lanka and New Zealand, Kamindu Mendis was able to set an exceptional Test report in the second Test.

In the lowest innings of the Test runs in the lowest, the world's priority was compared to the third Test.

He has played 13 Test Irum, and he scored 4 half centuries and 1,2002 runs with five centuries.

Leader Dhananjaya de Silva decided to complete the innings of Sri Lanka.

At that time, the Sri Lankan team scored 602 runs for the loss of 5 wickets for their first innings.

KUML (182 not out) and Kusal Mendis (106 out) had added 200 points for the 6th wicket.



# A case against Mahindananda and Nalin fails

*2024-09-27 16:17:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201606)

Bribery Minister Mahindananda New Gamage and former Minister of Sports Nalin Fernando, who has been accused of purchasing over Rs.The three-member High Courts, Colombo ordered the summy.

The case was heard before the Bench, High Court of Justice Amal Ranarajah, Pradeep Hettiarachchi and Mahein Weeraman.

The case was a promotion to the Court of Appeal, as a judge of the Judge Amal Ranaraja has been promoted to the Court of Appeal, as a result of a promotion to the Court of Appeal.

...



# Japanese government will cooperate fully with the program to eliminate corruption and irregularities

*2024-09-27 16:09:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/194923)

Japanese Ambassador to Sri Lanka Missukoshi Hidaygi has said that the Japanese government will cooperate with the government's main task of the government headed by President Anura Kumara Dissanayake.

The Japanese Ambassador promised that the 11 projects that were started with the help of the Japanese government would be started immediately.

Japanese Ambassador Missukoshi Hidaygi said this when he met President's Secretary Dr. Nandika Sanath Kumanayake on Wednesday (26).

...



# Super Century from Kusal

*2024-09-27 16:04:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201605)

Kusal Mendis won a century in the second Test match between Sri Lanka and New Zealand.

Kusal reported that the 67th Test cricket match recorded his 10th Test century.

The century obtained in 145 balls took 6 fours and 3 hits.



# 35,000 fines for a person who had the tortoise

*2024-09-27 15:55:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/194924)

A person who has a turtle has been given an ornament of Rs 35,000 by the Chief Magistrate Isuru Nethikumar.

A 47 -year -old Ranepura Hewage Ajith, a 47 -year -old from Galle Gallekana, has been fined.

The turtle weighing about four kilograms has been recovered after police arrested the suspect and searched his bag.

Initial inquiries revealed that the turtle was being carried to breed at a pond in his home garden, and further investigations were to be sold for meat.

...



# Opening of the Northern High Security Zone streets for people's use will strengthen reconciliation

*2024-09-27 15:50:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/194929)

Former Jaffna Election District Parliamentarian Anganan Ramanathan has asked President Anura Kumara Dissanayake to take steps to open the four roads in the North of Valikamam in the North of Valikamam, Jaffna, as the President has ordered the re -opening of the two streets that were closed near the Presidential Palace in Colombo.

Despite 15 years after the end of the war, the daily activities and transport of the people in these areas have been limited as many important roads have been closed in Jaffna.

...



# Suspects of Club Spring murder further remanded

*2024-09-27 15:29:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201604)

Former Western Provincial Councilor Amal Silva, who was arrested in connection with the murder of Club Wasantha alias, police said.

The suspects were produced before the Kaduwela Magistrate's Court today (27) and later issued this order.



# Director General of the Government Information Department

*2024-09-27 15:21:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/194927)

Director General of the Government Information Department Dinith Chinthaka Karunaratne has resigned from his post.

He has handed over his resignation letter to the Mass Media Minister Vijitha Herath.



# The police protection provided to former MPs removes

*2024-09-27 15:09:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201603)

The police officers who were attached to the security of former MPs have been summoned from today (27), police said.

All police officers who have provided former Speaker, former Speaker and former Opposition Leaders have been taken up again.

President Anura Kumara Dissanayake has dissolved the Parliament from 24th at Tuesday (24).



# Police officers assigned for security of ex-MPs recalled

*2024-09-27 15:00:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/102302/police-officers-assigned-for-security-of-ex-mps-recalled)

Sri Lanka Police said that all police personnel assigned to provide security to former Parliamentarians have been recalled from today, except those providing security to the former Speaker, former Deputy Speaker and former Opposition Leader.

Newly elected President Anura Kumara Dissanayake dissolved the Parliament of Sri Lanka with effect from midnight on Tuesday (24), via a Gazette notification.

The general election is to be held on November 14 while the new Parliament is scheduled to meet on November 21, 2024.

Police Media Release on VIP Security by Adaderana Online on Scribd



# Japan expresses commitment to supporting new govt’s anti-corruption program

*2024-09-27 14:51:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/102301/japan-expresses-commitment-to-supporting-new-govts-anti-corruption-program)

The Japanese Ambassador to Sri Lanka, Mizukoshi Hideaki, has affirmed that the Japanese government is committed to fully supporting efforts to combat corruption and irregularities, a key priority of President Anura Kumara Dissanayake’s administration.

He expressed readiness to continue close collaboration with Sri Lanka, the President’s Media Division said.

Ambassador Mizukoshi made these remarks during a meeting with the Secretary to the President, Dr. Nandika Sanath Kumanayake, at the Presidential Secretariat yesterday (26).

He further announced that work on 11 stalled projects funded by the Japanese government will resume promptly.

...



# Over 38,000 dengue cases reported so far in 2024

*2024-09-27 14:25:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/102300/over-38000-dengue-cases-reported-so-far-in-2024)

The National Dengue Control Unit (NDCU) states that the number of dengue cases reported in the country has exceeded 38,000 so far this year.

Consultant Community Physician at the National Dengue Control Unit, Dr. Anoja Dheerasinghe reported that a significant number of cases have been recorded, particularly in the districts of Colombo, Gampaha, and Kalutara.

“Necessary measures are being taken to reduce this number in the future. In addition to Colombo, Kalutara, and Gampaha, a high number of cases have also been reported in the districts of Kandy, Galle, Matara, Kurunegala, Kegalle, and Ratnapura in recent weeks,” she said.



# Bradman's equal to Bradman in Asia's first

*2024-09-27 14:18:14*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/sports/ආසියාවේ-පළමුවැනියා-වෙමින්-බ්‍රැඩ්මන්ට-සම-වූ-කමිඳු/9-412183)

Sri Lanka's batsman was the batsman who had obtained his fifth teeth in Test cricket.

It was in the first innings of the second Test in Galle with New Zealand. Accordingly, the fifth test was reached in 13 Test Irum.

This report was set up for Favad Alam Asia before Komunny. Don Bradman, Australia, was collected in 13 tongues in 13 innings.

Everton Vox (West Indies 10), N. The players go to Harvey (Australia innings 12).



# Celebration of "World Tourism Day" at Katunayake Airport

*2024-09-27 14:17:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/194904)

The Sri Lanka Tourism Promotion Bureau celebrated World Travel Day at Katunayake Airport on Friday (27).

The World Tourism Day celebration was attended by Madhubani Perera, Director of the Sri Lanka Tourism Promotion Bureau, Harinda Wijewardena, Deputy Director of the Sri Lanka Tourism Promotion Bureau and Vasana Kumari, Manager of the Katunayake Airport, Vasana Kumari.

Subsequently, the employees of the Sri Lanka Tourism Promotion Bureau welcomed foreign tourists visiting Sri Lanka through the Katunayake airport and greeted them with souvenirs.



# Change in the price of chicken meat

*2024-09-27 14:00:21*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/கோழி-இறைச்சியின்-விலையில்-மாற்றம்/175-344581)

The All Ceylon Small Industry Owners Association said the price of poultry meat is expected to decline within the next two weeks.

The association said the demand for poultry meat has declined drastically and the price will be reduced in the next two weeks.

The president of the association, Nirkasha Kumara, said that the retail price of a kilogram of chicken meat is currently being sold at Rs 1,000 to Rs 1,100.

He said the price could be reduced from Rs 900 to Rs 850 in the next fifteen days.

Meanwhile, the price of egg is expected to fall by up to 20 rupees in the coming festive days. Remble



# Excavations in Colombo mass grave will be resumed

*2024-09-27 14:00:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201602)

The second phase of the mass grave found in Colombo has begun excavations.

The Colombo Port met with a massive grave and the second phase of the second was commenced today.

Professor Raj Somadeva and several others were excavations here.



# Today's currency exchange rate

*2024-09-27 13:53:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/194915)

The US dollar purchasing price was 295.3030 rupees and the sales price were 304.3376 rupees based on a currency exchange rate released by the Central Bank on Friday (27).



# Japan's 11 projects will be launched quickly

*2024-09-27 13:31:44*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/ஜப்பானின்-11-திட்டங்கள்-விரைவாக-ஆரம்பிக்கப்படும்/175-344579)

With the help of the Japanese government, the 11 projects that are currently in the middle of the interim will be launched quickly. The Presidential Media Division has announced that Japan has fully supported the new government's plan to eradicate corruption and irregularities.

Japanese Ambassador to Sri Lanka Mizukoshi Hideaki said that the Japanese government is fully cooperating with Sri Lanka and will continue to work closely with Sri Lanka.

Japanese Ambassador Missukoshi Hidaygi said this when he met President's Secretary Dr. Nandika Sanath Kumanayake yesterday afternoon.

...



# New President summoned armed forces

*2024-09-27 13:08:55*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/නව-ජනාධිපති-සන්නද්ධ-හමුදා-කැඳවයි/11-412182)

President Anura Kumara Dissanayake has issued an armed forces called to maintain public peace in all the administrative districts of the country.

The President released the Extent Gazette notification of the Sri Lanka Navy and all the members of the Sri Lanka Air Force (SLAF) with the operation of the Sri Lanka Navy and all members of the Sri Lanka Air Force (26).

The armed forces have been called in accordance with the powers vested in Section 12 of the People's Security Act.



# Test century records

*2024-09-27 13:01:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201601)

Sri Lanka's second term in Test cricket, Sri Lanka and New Zealand, Sri Lanka Madapandy Mendis won the 5th century Test cricket today (27).



# Kabir Hashim to be appointed Secretary General of UPFA

*2024-09-27 13:00:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201600)

Former Parliamentarian Emmitias Bakir Makar has been appointed as the Chairman of the Samagiens.

The UPFA leader Sajith Premadasa has been appointed as the Secretary-General of the UPFA.

Also, the University of the Gampaha District was appointed as the Gampaha District Chairman of the University of Sri Lanka.



# Open the main roads that were closed

*2024-09-27 12:45:43*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/மூடப்பட்டிருந்த-முக்கிய-வீதிகள்-திறக்கப்பட்டன/175-344578)

President Anura Dissanayake has ordered the police to open the streets of Mawatha and Baron Jayatilaka Mawatha from today.. Remble



# Those who say that they should stand alone and compete with the party will be disintegrating - Gnanamuthu Srinasan

*2024-09-27 12:36:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/194902)

We want the Tamil National Party to contest the upcoming parliamentary elections as a federation. This is the wishes of the people. Former Batticaloa district parliamentarian Gnanamuttu Srinesan said that those who claim to contest personally are intended to be aimed at raising the party.

He was speaking to the media this morning (27) in Batticaloa.

The Tamil National Alliance (TNA) leader Mawai Senathirajah has said that the Tamils ​​should unite the Tamil National Party as a party in the unity.

...



# Action change in IMC

*2024-09-27 12:31:34*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/ஐ-ம-சவில்-அதிரடி-மாற்றம்/175-344577)

Sajith Premadasa, the leader of the United People's Power and the United People's Power, took action today (27) to bring about changes in the main positions of the United People's Power and the United People's Alliance.

Accordingly, former Parliamentarian Imtiaz Pakir Macker as the Chairman of the United People's Power for 2024



# Imthiaz Bakeer Markar appointed SJB Chairman

*2024-09-27 12:19:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/102299/imthiaz-bakeer-markar-appointed-sjb-chairman)

Former SJB parliamentarian Imthiaz Bakeer Markar has been appointed as the new Chairman of the Samagi Jana Balawegaya (SJB).

Meanwhile, former SJB MP Kabir Hashim has been appointed as the General Secretary of Samagi Jana Sandanaya, says SJB General Secretary Ranjith Madduma Bandara.



# Who is Priyantha Weerasuriya who came from constable rank to acting IGP?

*2024-09-27 12:04:45*

[bbccomsinhala](https://www.bbc.com/sinhala/articles/cg56z8pm5zpo)

Who is Priyantha Weerasuriya who came from constable rank to acting IGP?

Senior DIG Priyantha Weerasuriya has been appointed as acting IGP for over three months.

On July 24, the Supreme Court issued an interim injunction with the inspection of the IGP to Tennakoon on July 24.

The Supreme Court issued the order to be heard by the Supreme Court, who was submitted to the appointment of Deshabandu Tennakoon to appoint the President as IGP.

Liyasastra Liyanarachchi, born in Dodangoda, was born in 1988, born on the 9th of February 1969.

...



# President orders reopening of two roads near President’s House

*2024-09-27 12:00:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/102298/president-orders-reopening-of-two-roads-near-presidents-house)

President Anura Kumara Dissanayake has ordered the reopening of roads around the President’s House in Colombo Fort, which had previously been closed due to roadblocks.

The President’s House and its surrounding area had been classified as a high-security zone and were closed off to the public.

However, with President Dissanayake’s appointment, all roadblocks have now been lifted, the President’s Media Division said.

Accordingly, Sir Baron Jayathilaka Mawatha and Janadhipathi Mawatha will be accessible to the public from tomorrow (28).



# Two roads opened next to Presidentlessment

*2024-09-27 11:59:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201599)

The President has decided to open Sir Baron Jayathilaka Mawatha, President's Mawatha and Presidential Mawatha to the public.

Police Media Spokesperson DIG'sary DIG's latter brother said Nihal Talduuwa is opened by President Anura Kumara Dissanayake.



# The mortality found the head of the Hezbollah Drone Society

*2024-09-27 11:50:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201598)

Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has informed his security forces to attack his entire power to the goals of the Hezbolleh of Lebanon.

In the meantime, all the best parties, including the US, have continuously demanded to consider a ceasefire.

The Ministry of Health has announced that 92 persons were killed due to air strikes yesterday.

Among the deceased is Mohamed Surmoor, head of the Hezbollah Drone Society.

Hisbullah confirmed that he had died of airst attack on a housing complex in the South Resort.

Israel was accelerated on Monday last Monday.

Over 700 people were killed and many were injured.



# Acting IGP to be appointed today?

*2024-09-27 11:46:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/102297/-acting-igp-to-be-appointed-today)

An Acting Inspector General of Police (IGP) will likely be appointed today (27), according to Executive Member of the National People’s Power (NPP), Attorney-at-Law Sunil Watagala.

Accordingly, Senior DIG Priyantha Weerasooriya, who currently serves as the SDIG in charge of the North Central Province, is tipped to be appointed to that position.

He is an officer with over 36 years of service in the police department, who has served in various positions, progressing from Police Constable to Senior DIG.



# Good news for Japanese projects

*2024-09-27 11:33:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201597)

Japanese Ambassador of Japan is fully supported by President Anura Kumara Dissanayake

He also said that Sri Lanka is also ready to work closely.

The Ambassador of the Japanese Ambassador made this observation at the Presidential Secretariat Dr. Nandika Sanath Kanayake at the Presidential Secretariat yesterday.

The Ambassador to the Ambassador has said that 11 projects have been operating in the country with the assistance of the Government of Japan.

...



# Governor of the Northern Province Na Vedanayan took over the duties

*2024-09-27 11:29:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/194896)

The newly appointed Northern Province Governor Na Vedanayakan took over his duties at a simple event on Friday (27).

The event was held today at 9 am at the Northern Province Governor's Secretariat in Jaffna.

Ramalingam Chandrasekaram, a member of the National People's Power Executive Committee and former Member of Parliament, and many others were present at the event.

Northern Province Governor BSM Salles, appointed by former President Ranil Wickremesinghe as the new president, resigned on September 23.

Subsequently, President Anura Kumara Dissanayake was appointed Governor of the Northern Province.

...



# Japan reiterates commitment to initiate 11 halted projects in Sri Lanka: AKD

*2024-09-27 11:21:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/japan-reiterates-commitment-to-initiate-11-halted-projects-in-sri-lanka-akd-181293/)

ECONOMYNEXT — The Japanese government has committed to initiating the construction of 11 projects in Sri Lanka that are currently halted, President Anura Kumara Dissanayake said, though assurances on this had already been made in July.

Dissanayake tweeted Friday September 27 morning that the Japanese government has also pledged its full support for the new government’s programme.

Japan had already announced the resumption of 11 suspended projects in July, two months before the presidential election.

...



# Acting IGP Priyantha Weerasuriya

*2024-09-27 11:15:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201596)

The acting IGP is reportedly announced today, "said Sunil Watagala.

Accordingly, Senior DIG Priyantha Weerasuriya is appointed as the North Central Province.



# Criminal filed against Jayawardena

*2024-09-27 11:11:14*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/நிலந்த-ஜயவர்தனவுக்கு-எதிராக-குற்றப்பத்திரிகை-தாக்கல்/175-344576)

The Attorney General today (27) informed the High Court that the chargesheet has been filed against the former head of the State Intelligence Unit, Nilanda Jayawardena, who failed to pay 75 million rupees in connection with the Easter Sunday attack.

Accordingly, the seven -member High Court, headed by Chief Justice Jayantha Jayasuriya, ordered the Nilanda Jayawardene to appear in court on October 7 at 9.30 am.. Remble



# Anti -lodging charge sheet

*2024-09-27 11:11:14*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/நிலந்தவுக்கு-எதிராக-குற்றப்பத்திரிகை/175-344576)

The Attorney General today (27) informed the High Court that the chargesheet has been filed against the former head of the State Intelligence Unit, Nilanda Jayawardena, who failed to pay 75 million rupees in connection with the Easter Sunday attack.

Accordingly, the seven -member High Court, headed by Chief Justice Jayantha Jayasuriya, ordered the Nilanda Jayawardene to appear in court on October 7 at 9.30 am.. Remble



# Lion A. Prabhakaran is the All Ceylon Peace Justice

*2024-09-27 11:03:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/194893)

Lion A. Prabhakaran sworn in as the All Ceylon Peace Judge in the presence of Jaffna District Court Judge A. Anandarajah.

It is noteworthy that he is an officer of the East Namala Vidyalaya in Kokuvil, Jaffna and the head of the Service of the Jaffna City Lions Association.



# New President calls for Armed Forces

*2024-09-27 11:02:34*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/ஆயுதப்படைகளை-அழைக்கின்றார்-புதிய-ஜனாதிபதி/175-344575)

President Anura Kumara Dissanayake has issued a gazette notification to invite the Armed Forces to establish a public order in all districts of Sri Lanka.

A special gazette notification was issued yesterday with an order to invite the Army, Navy and Air Force to come into effect from today.

President Anuragumara Dissanayake has been released after his duties have been released for the first time.. Remble



# AG to file contempt charges against ex-SDIG Nilantha Jayawardana

*2024-09-27 10:55:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/102296/ag-to-file-contempt-charges-against-ex-sdig-nilantha-jayawardana-)

The Attorney General today informed the Supreme Court that contempt of court charges will be filed against former Senior DIG and head of the State Intelligence Service (SIS), Nilantha Jayawardana, for failing to pay the Rs. 75 million in compensation for the Easter Sunday bomb victims as ordered by the court.

Accordingly, the Supreme Court has ordered him to appear before the court on October 07.

...



# Stop bringing politicians to school events - Minister of Education

*2024-09-27 10:51:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/194888)

Dr. Harini Amarasuriya has appealed to all schools to stop the bringing politicians to school events.

He said this while addressing an event organized by the Ministry of Education.

Calling politicians for school events will result in a risk of politicizing the school environment and the school environment.

Transparency is essential in filling the teacher deficit. The public must fill in transparency to build the confidence of the public.

The current generation faces many challenges. In it, the Kovit-19 infection and the economic crisis have increased stress among students.

...



# Nilantha Jayawardena files charges against insulting the judiciary

*2024-09-27 10:45:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201595)

Former Head of State Intelligence Service has filed charges against the court against Nilantha Jayawardena.

The Attorney General said that the Supreme Court today stated that the charges have been filed on failure to pay a completely failure in relation to the fundamental rights petitions filed by the Passover.

Accordingly, Nilantha Jayawardena has ordered the Chief Justice Bench to be held informed to appear in court on October 07.



# Yall. Meeting between Elections Office and EU Election Monitoring Committee

*2024-09-27 10:42:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/194890)

The European Union's Election Monitoring Committee, which was involved in election monitoring in the Jaffna district, met with the Jaffna District Government Agent and the Department of Elections Officer Marudalingam Pradeepan at the Government Agent's office on Thursday (26).

They thanked the Elections Officers and the Officers for fully cooperating with their election monitoring in Jaffna and said that the election was well and smooth.

The Government Agent expressed his gratitude to the European Union election monitors in Jaffna's election surveillance and the involvement of several advance discussions with us.

...



# Joe Biden congratulates Sri Lanka’s new President

*2024-09-27 10:36:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/102295/joe-biden-congratulates-sri-lankas-new-president)

US President Joe Biden has congratulated Sri Lanka’s new President Anura Kumara Dissanayake on his election to office.

“The people of Sri Lanka chose you as their president in a free, fair, and peaceful election of which they are justifiably proud,” he said.

“I look forward to working with you to advance peace, security, and prosperity in the Indo-Pacific,” he said in a post on X, formerly known as Twitter, on Thursday.



# Gurusamy's aspiration from the post of General Secretary

*2024-09-27 10:35:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/194889)

KR Guru Sami has resigned from the post of General Secretary of the Democratic People's Front.

He sent a letter to party leader Mano Ganesan on Thursday (26).

When we look at the ongoing parliamentary elections in Sri Lanka, the results of the election and the events that followed, we see the biggest change in the minds of the people and their opposition.

I am in the need to raise myself in accordance with their expectation.

I have decided to dedicate myself to their livelihood for the welfare of the people, to work even more and to rule for the people.

...



# Bideen greets the president

*2024-09-27 10:32:53*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/බයිඩන්-ජනපතිට-සුබ-පතයි/11-412181)

US President Joe Biden has been appointed as the new President of Sri Lanka.

He leaves a message on the account and hopes to deal with the new President of Sri Lanka for peace, security and prosperity in the Indo-Pacific region.

Sri Lankaans have selected Anura Dissanayake from a fair and peaceful election as the president of the country.



# US president congratulates Sri Lanka counterpart

*2024-09-27 10:15:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/us-president-congratulates-sri-lanka-counterpart-181285/)

ECONOMYNEXT – The United States of America’s outgoing president Joseph Biden has congratulated Sri Lanka’s newly elected president Anura Dissanayake.

“Congratulations on your victory, @AnuraDisanayake,” Joe Biden said on social media platform X.

“The people of Sri Lanka chose you as their president in a free, fair, and peaceful election of which they are justifiably proud.”

Biden, who will not be contesting in the US November election and has roughly about a month in office, said he looked forward to working with his Sri Lankan counterpart.

...



# New York Mayor Eric Adams charged in Turkey bribery, fraud scheme

*2024-09-27 10:12:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/102294/new-york-mayor-eric-adams-charged-in-turkey-bribery-fraud-scheme)

U.S. prosecutors on Thursday charged New York City Mayor Eric Adams with accepting illegal campaign contributions and luxury travel from Turkish nationals seeking to influence him, capping an investigation that has sent the largest U.S. city’s government into turmoil.

In a 57-page indictment, prosecutors laid out an alleged scheme stretching back to 2014 that helped to underwrite Adams’ 2021 mayoral campaign and showered him with free rooms at opulent hotels and meals at high-end restaurants.

In return, Adams pressured city officials to allow the country’s new 36-story consulate to open despite safety concerns, prosecutors said.

...



# Former MP pays a sudden driven vehicle

*2024-09-27 10:04:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201594)

Two years later, a former UNP member has taken measures to pay the loss in this regard after the crashing vehicle owned by the government's luxury.

Secretary of the Western Provincial Council SL. Dhammika Kam. Missingha said that the Sri Lanka Pubaian Appointment was paid to the Provincial Council on a crash to the Western Provincial Council.

Former MP Sahan Pradeep Vithana has given his vehicle for his use of the Gampaha District Coordinating Committee.

The luxury vehicle conducted by the former Health Minister of Western Provincial Council has been handed over to Sahan Pradeep Vithana.

...



# Govt. to allocate more funds for education - PM Harini

*2024-09-27 09:59:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/102293/govt-to-allocate-more-funds-for-education-pm-harini)

The newly appointed Prime Minister, Dr. Harini Amarasuriya, stated that the government has decided to allocate more funding for education.

The Prime Minister further noted that she has instructed officials to take necessary steps to address the public’s mistrust with regard to the Ministry of Education and the Department of Examinations.

She also directed the officials of the Department of Examinations to take necessary steps to release all delayed exam results.

Meanwhile, the Prime Minister’s Secretariat announced that instructions have been given to immediately halt inviting politicians to school events.



# Discussions to contest all parties in opposition

*2024-09-27 09:45:46*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/විපක්ෂයේ-සියලු-පක්ෂ-එක්-ලකුණකින්-තරග-කිරීමට-සාකච්ඡා/11-412179)

Former President Ranil Wickremesinghe was chaired by a discussion held in the next general election.

Speaking at the political office of the Colombo Flower Road, former UNP MP Ash Marasinghe said that discussions with congenivity in partnership with the general election are in positive condition.

These discussions were held at the General Secretary of the General Secretary of the General Assembly and the UNP yesterday (26).

Former former Parliamentarian SSB. The B Dissanayake said.

...



# Sri Lanka rupee opens stronger at 299.80/300.00 to US dollar, bond yields up

*2024-09-27 09:39:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-rupee-opens-stronger-at-299-80-300-00-to-us-dollar-bond-yields-up-181283/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka’s rupee was trading relatively stable at 299.80/300.00 to the US dollar on Friday, from 299.90/300.10 a day earlier, while bond yields were slightly up dealers said.

A bond maturing on 15.12.2027 was quoted at 11.75/85 percent, up from 11.65/90 percent.

A bond maturing on 15.02.2028 was quoted at 12.05/10 percent, down from 12.05/20 percent.

A bond maturing on 15.09.2029 was quoted at 12.30/35 percent.

In equities, Colombo’s All Share Price Index opened 0.28 percent, or 32.54 points higher at 11,704, while the S&P SL20 of more liquid stocks opened up 0.53 percent or 17.81 points higher at 3,402.



# 2941 students have lost the university access in the year 200 years

*2024-09-27 09:37:13*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/ඉකුත්-අධ්‍යයන-වර්ෂ-දෙකේදී--සිසුන්-2941-ට-විශ්ව-විද්‍යාල-ප්‍රවේශය-අහිමි-වෙලා/11-412178)

The National Audit office reveals that 2941 students have lost the university admission in the year 2001 years due to the universities of the University Grants Commission.

According to the University Grants Commission, 1087 students of the Studes of the Study of the Study of the Study of the Study of the Study of the Study of the Study of the Study of the Study of the Study of the Study and 2084 Students of the Study Limited has been depressed.

Although students attached to vacancies in the relevant academic years, students have been assigned to the audit of the University Grants Commission as his answer to the above vacancies.

...



# Three arrested with guns

*2024-09-27 09:35:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/194886)

Three persons who had two domestic guns and a T-56 rifle were arrested on Thursday (27), police said.

The T56 rifle has been found at a shop in the Telgahamadilla area of ​​the Nugangmuwa police division and the gun number has been destroyed, police said.

The arrested suspect has been revealed to be a 51 -year -old retired soldier from Gangallowa.

Meanwhile, a suspect has been arrested with a locally manufactured gun during a raid carried out by police in Ariston Road, Naula.

In addition, another suspect has been arrested with a locally manufactured gun in the Etimalai, Torathupitiya area, police said.



# Increase in dengue patients

*2024-09-27 09:25:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201593)

The National Dengue Control Unit states that 38,874 dengue patients were reported this year.

Specialist Community Dr. Avoke Dheerasinghe said that the sufferers from Colombo, Kalutara and Gampaha were increasingly.

"The necessary work to reduce this amount in the future. Apart from Colombo, Kalutara and Gampaha, high cases were reported from the districts in Kandy, Galle, Matara, Kurunegala, Kegalle, Kegalle and Ratnapura. "



# Eleven people arrested for excavation

*2024-09-27 09:08:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/194885)

11 people who were involved in gem excavation were arrested yesterday evening (26) evening, police said.

The police said that the Uri Gardens Factory between the ages of 27 and 67 has been arrested.

11 persons have been arrested when they went to the area for confidential information available to the police for illegally excavation in the Paraghakandura area of ​​Pasarai Udagama Paragandura area without permission.

Police said some more equipment, including the stone breaking machine used for gem excavation, has been seized.

...



# Three arrested with firearms in separate police raids

*2024-09-27 09:05:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/102292/three-arrested-with-firearms-in-separate-police-raids)

Police reported that three individuals in possession of a T-56 assault rifle and two locally made firearms were arrested yesterday (26) along with the weapons.

The T-56 firearm was discovered last night on the upper floor of a shop in the Delgahamedilla area within the Nungamuwa Police Division.

Police stated it was a T-56 firearm with the serial number erased. The suspect arrested in connection with this is a 51-year-old retired army soldier residing in the Kumbaloluwa area.

...



# The new Prime Minister's Action Order

*2024-09-27 09:04:26*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/புதிய-பிரதமரின்-அதிரடி-உத்தரவு/175-344573)

Prime Minister Harini Amarasuriya has advised the officials of the Ministry of Education to immediately stop bringing politicians to school events.

He also said that filling the teacher jobs should be carried out properly and that the workplace should be fill in transparency so that the people are confident.

The Prime Minister made this statement during a discussion with all the department officials of the Ministry of Education.

Meanwhile, Harini Amarasuriya has directed the Ministry of Education Tilaka Jayasundara yesterday (26) to appoint a panel of professors to evaluate the controversy of the Scholarship Examination.

...



# Central Bank of Sri Lanka

*2024-09-27 08:56:28*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/இலங்கை-மத்திய-வங்கியின்-அறிவிப்பு/175-344572)

The Central Bank of Sri Lanka has decided to maintain the policy interest rates, the sub -deposit rate (SDFR) and the subsidiary loans (SLFR) at the current level.

Accordingly, it has been decided to maintain the sub -deposit rate and the subsidiary of the subsidiary of 8.25 per cent and 9.25 per cent respectively.. Remble



# Sri Lanka’s official reserves reach USD 6 billion

*2024-09-27 08:56:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/102291/sri-lankas-official-reserves-reach-usd-6-billion)

The Central Bank of Sri Lanka (CBSL) says it purchased a significant amount of foreign exchange from the domestic market to bolster the Gross Official Reserves (GOR).

As of the end of August 2024, GOR stood at USD 6.0 billion, including the swap facility from the People’s Bank of China which is subject to conditionalities.



# Size of the official foreign reserves of the country

*2024-09-27 08:48:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201591)

The Central Bank of Sri Lanka announces that the number of official reserves in the country is US $ 6.0 billion in August 2024.

It also includes receipts of foreign exchange exchange facilities from the People's Bank.

The Central Bank of Sri Lanka has taken steps to purchase a significant number of foreign exchange from the local market to the increase in the growth of the Gor.



# Increase rainfall across the country

*2024-09-27 08:13:55*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/நாடு-முழுவதும்-மழைவீழ்ச்சி-அதிகரிக்கும்/175-344571)

Rainfall is expected to increase across the country in the next few days from today (27).

Due to the turbulence of the nearby atmosphere of Sri Lanka, the weather is expected to be expected.

Accordingly, rain or thunderstorms are expected in the Western and Sabaragamuwa Provinces and Galle, Matara, Kandy and Nuwara Eliya districts.

Heavy rainfall of 100 millimeters of heavy rainfall in some parts of Ratnapura, Kalutara, Galle and Matara districts.

Rainfall or thunderstorms will occur in the evening or night in other parts of the country.

...



# Central Bank maintains policy interest rates

*2024-09-27 07:52:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/102290/central-bank-maintains-policy-interest-rates)

The Monetary Policy Board of the Central Bank of Sri Lanka (CBSL) has decided to maintain the Standing Deposit Facility Rate (SDFR) and the Standing Lending Facility Rate (SLFR) of the Central Bank at their current levels of 8.25 per cent and 9.25 per cent, respectively.

...



# The latest decision of the Central Bank

*2024-09-27 07:52:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201590)

Regular Deposit Facility (SDFR) and Regular Credit Facility Rates The SDFR and Regular Credit Facility (Slfr) has been maintained at the current levels of the Central Bank's policy interest rate.

Accordingly, the Permanent Deposit Facility Rate and the Permanent Credit Facility Rates 8.25 percent respectively and 9.25% respectively.



# Don Bradman's report, Kaminda's 5th century, what is the test records found?

*2024-09-27 07:51:42*

[bbccomsinhala](https://www.bbc.com/sinhala/articles/cgk7dlmzzg3o)

Don Bradman's report, Kaminda's 5th century, what is the test records found?

New players who play in their 8th Test series were recorded by the 5th century.

It was on the second day of the second Test in Galle against New Zealand.

He joined his wedding match and joined the third fast tests to the third fast tests. He did in 13 in 13 innings and did the Donald Bradman and George Headley. The batsmen scored at least five centuries in a large number of 18 centuries.

It was covered with over 50 runs in the eight points they attended.

...



# President's Wage Support World Bank

*2024-09-27 07:47:52*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/ජනාධිපති-අනුරට-ලෝක-බැංකුවේ-සහාය/11-412177)

The World Bank Group has been appointed as the 9th Executive President of Sri Lanka.

The Vice President of the South Asian region of the World Bank, Mr. Martin Risar and the International Monetary Corporation Asian and Pacific Vice Chairman Reikardo Puek.

The letter states that it is equally important for economic growth, prosperity and development when it comes to state the economy of the country again.

The letter states that the World Bank Group is committed to the leadership of the new administration in Sri Lanka to meet the needs of the most vulnerable community in the country as well as to achieve all.



# Baidan congratulates President Anura

*2024-09-27 07:45:48*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/ஜனாதிபதி-அநுரவுக்கு-பைடன்-வாழ்த்து/175-344570)

US President Joe Biden congratulates President Anura Kumara Dissanayake who won the presidential election. (A)



# World Bank congratulates President

*2024-09-27 07:44:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201589)

The World Bank has joined the World Bank to President Anura Kumara Dissanayake.

The Vice President of the South Asian region of the World Bank, the Asian Asia, Asia, Asia and the International Finance Corporation, and the Vice President of the Asian and Pacific Corporation, Sri Lanka's economic recovery and development has been ensured that Sri Lanka's economic recovery and development is being supported by the President.

...



# Sri Lanka deflation possible near term, rates unchanged: Central Bank

*2024-09-27 07:42:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-deflation-possible-near-term-rates-unchanged-central-bank-181200/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka’s central bank said it was holding policy rates at the current 8.25 to 9.25 percent levels, with the price index likely to head down in the near future.

“The Board observed that inflation is likely to remain well below the target of 5 per cent over the next few quarters, potentially recording deflation in the immediate future driven by changes to administratively determined prices and easing of supply conditions,” the central bank said giving ‘cost-push’s style reasons.

...



# Care about Sri Lankans in Lebanon

*2024-09-27 07:40:35*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/லெபனானில்-உள்ள-இலங்கையர்-தொடர்பில்-அவதானம்/175-344569)

The Sri Lankan government is reportedly focusing on the safety of Sri Lankans in Israel and Lebanon.

Following the current war situation, the Ministry of External Affairs has stated that the Sri Lankan embassies in Beirut and Tel Aviv are engaged in surveillance.

It is also reported that Sri Lankans in the war are underway. (A)



# The new government is more likely to education

*2024-09-27 07:33:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201588)

Prime Minister Dr. Harini Amarasuriya said the government has decided to allocate an increased allocation for the education of the education.

The Prime Minister further stated that the officials advised the officials to take necessary action to prevent the unbelief in the people regarding the Ministry of Education and the Department of Examinations.

The Prime Minister also instructed the officials of the Department of Examinations to be released soon.

The Secretary to the Prime Minister's Secretariat was announced to immediately stop importing politicians for school festivals.



# Showery conditions expected to enhance from today

*2024-09-27 07:29:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/102289/showery-conditions-expected-to-enhance-from-today)

Due to the development of a low-level atmospheric disturbance in the vicinity of Sri Lanka, showery conditions are expected to enhance during the next few days starting today (27), the Meteorology Department says.

Showers or thundershowers will occur at times in Western and Sabaragamuwa provinces and in Galle, Matara, Kandy and Nuwara-Eliya districts.

Heavy showers of about 100 mm are likely at some places in Rathnapura, Kaluthara, Galle and Matara districts, it said.

...



# Sri Lanka $50 double entry visa, $20 South Asia e-visa restored

*2024-09-27 07:28:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-50-double-entry-visa-20-south-asia-e-visa-restored-181195/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka has restored a 20-dollar double entry visa for South Asian visitors and a 20 dollar double entry visa for other countries, according to the online visa website after the new administration restored an earlier e-visa system, complying with a court order.

Sri Lanka started charging 75 dollars for single entry visa after a deal with VFS Global and IVS-GBS, and 18.5 dollar fee for the private consortium and an another initial undisclosed fee of 5 dollars.

The tourist visa was later cut down to 50 dollars but with a single entry.

...



# Chandimal apologizes for what happened in the middle of the game

*2024-09-27 07:19:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201587)

Dimuth Karunaratne expressed his views regarding the infestation of Dimuth Karunaratne in the second Test match between Sri Lanka yesterday (26).

He spoke in a press conference on the first day of the match, said he apologized to Dimuth Karunaratne.

...



# World Bank says ready to support Sri Lanka President Dissanayake

*2024-09-27 07:14:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/world-bank-says-ready-to-support-sri-lanka-president-dissanayake-181192/)

ECONOMYNEXT – The World Bank group has pledged to continue its support for Sri Lanka in a letter to newly elected President Anura Dissanayake singed by senior regional officers dealing with the country.

The World Bank is providing budget support for Sri Lanka after the central bank plunged the country to its worst currency crisis since its inception by cutting rates with inflationary open market operations from 2020 and failing a float of the currency due to a surrender rule in 2022.

...



# Three arrested with 3 firearm

*2024-09-27 06:55:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201586)

Three persons who had held a T-56 firearm and two firearms have been arrested with these firearms yesterday (26).

T-56 riffle was found in the Delgahamaadilla area in Delgahaduwa area in the Kotawa area last night.

The number is a T-56 rifle demanded.

The suspect is a 51-year-old residence of a retired army soldier from the Kumbalitu area.

Meanwhile, a suspect has been arrested with a firearm of Sri Lanka's manufactured firearms during a raid conducted in Naula, Ambala, Ambala, Ambala, Ambalana. The arrested person is a 55 year old resident of the Kongahawela area.

A suspect with another firearm was arrested in the UPI area in Elhmalai.

...



# Heavy rains today

*2024-09-27 06:00:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201584)

In the next few days, there is an expectation of rainy industry from the next few days.

The Department of Meteorology points out that these showers are expected due to the development of the lower atmosphere.

Thundershowers showers or thundershowers at times in the Western and Sabaragamuwa provinces.

Some parts of Ratnapura, Kalutara, Galle and Matara districts. Heavy rain falls around 100.

Thundershowers will develop at several places in the evening or night in the evening of the island.

MM to some places in the North, North Central, East and Central provinces. There may be a tight collapse than 75.

...



# Dermatitis

*2024-09-27 05:53:53*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/பெரிய-வெங்காயச்செய்கை-ஆரம்பம்/175-344566)

Onions have been launched in Matale and Anuradhapura districts of about 500 hectares.

The Ministry of Agriculture said that onions will be purchased at the right price from the farmers.

In 2025, the Ministry of Agriculture said that it is planning to cultivate large onions in more than two thousand hectares of land.. (A)



# 46 holy water killed in Bihar

*2024-09-27 05:52:57*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/பீகாரில்-புனித-நீராடிய-46-பேர்-பலி/175-344565)

In Bihar, 46 people, including 37 children, died during the Jitia festival.

It is a festival that mothers are celebrating from fasting for their children to live with health and health. (A)



# It is possible to rain today

*2024-09-27 05:45:05*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/இன்று-மழை-பெய்யும்-சாத்தியம்/175-344564)

Accordingly, more than 75 mm of rainfall in the Northern, North Central, Southern and Central Provinces is likely.

The Department of Meteorology has forecast rainfall in the Western and Sabaragamuwa Provinces and parts of Galle and Matara districts.. (A)



# Has the new Government already violated its own principles?

*2024-09-27 05:33:04*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/columns/Has-the-new-Government-already-violated-its-own-principles/4-767227)

This is the first time NPP has got the opportunity and people are watching critically to see whether it is able to deliver on promises

The new NPP Government came to power in a momentous change of the political landscape of Sri Lanka. For the first time a simple village folk has become the President. It is great to see the change of guard. We should genuinely wish Anura Kumara Dissanayaka the strength and focus to deliver on promises.

...



# A call to Prime Minister Dr. Harini Amarasuriya: Lighten school bags, reform education

*2024-09-27 05:29:55*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/columns/A-call-to-Prime-Minister-Dr-Harini-Amarasuriya-Lighten-school-bags-reform-education/4-767226)

Now we are witnessing some changes in the socio-economic context in Sri Lanka. There is a need for better integration of all sectors with proper alignment focusing on the advancement of our nation. In this context, the education sector is really important and there should be a serious discussion between all stakeholders in primary, secondary and tertiary education in Sri Lanka to decide the future landscape of Sri Lankan education.

...



# 2024: The change and the choice

*2024-09-27 05:24:50*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/columns/2024-The-change-and-the-choice/4-767224)

“They tried to bury us. They did not know we were seeds.” — Anura Kumara Dissanayake

The 2024 Sri Lankan Presidential election results have displayed a significant change in the decades-long distribution of political party alignment among the Sri Lankan people. This transformation showcases the desperation of Sri Lankans to choose a leader free from crimes and corruption. Anura Kumara Dissanayake, a veteran politician and the leader of the National People’s Power (NPP), has won the election, dominating the majority of votes in 14 out of 22 districts.

...



# FAQ: Understanding the myths and challenges around debt restructuring

*2024-09-27 05:21:43*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/opinion/FAQ-Understanding-the-myths-and-challenges-around-debt-restructuring/14-767223)

Clearly, the IMF program is based on a flawed DSA with a problematic end-goal of Sri Lanka accessing commercial markets by 2027

Sri Lanka has just elected a new President amidst a deepening economic crisis. The people have provided a clear mandate for change and relief from the economic distress pervading their lives.

...



# Ambassador Qi Zhenhong highlights friendship and development at China’s 75th anniversary celebrations

*2024-09-27 05:17:20*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/opinion/Ambassador-Qi-Zhenhong-highlights-friendship-and-development-at-China-s-75th-anniversary-celebrations/14-767222)

Following are remarks by Ambassador Qi Zhenhong at the reception celebrating the 75th anniversary of the founding of the People’s Republic of China, at Shangri-La Hotel Colombo, on 25 September

Thank you all for joining us tonight to celebrate the 75th anniversary of the founding of the People’s Republic of China. On behalf of the Embassy, I would like to give a warm welcome to all our guests and extend my heartfelt gratitude to friends who have long supported the development of China and China-Sri Lanka relations. I would also like to send sincere holiday greetings to fellow Chinese both at home and in Sri Lanka.

...



# In celebration of China’s 75th National Day: Towards greater progress of China-Sri Lanka friendship

*2024-09-27 05:14:57*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/columns/In-celebration-of-China-s-75th-National-Day-Towards-greater-progress-of-China-Sri-Lanka-friendship/4-767221)

Sri Lanka and China have shared a deep and enduring bond for decades, a relationship built on mutual respect, shared values, and a vision for cooperative development. Since diplomatic relations were established in 1957, the two countries have forged an unshakable partnership that continues to thrive today. Over the years, this partnership has been marked by close political ties, economic collaboration, and cultural exchanges, contributing significantly to the growth and prosperity of both nations.

...



# The prelate and the premier: Why Buddharakkitha Thera got S.W.R.D. Bandaranaike murdered

*2024-09-27 05:10:32*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/columns/The-prelate-and-the-premier-Why-Buddharakkitha-Thera-got-S-W-R-D-Bandaranaike-murdered/4-767220)

Sri Lanka’s newly elected President Anura Kumara Dissanayake has appointed Dr. Harini Amarasuriya as his Prime Minister. The academic turned politico is Sri Lanka’s third woman Prime Minister. The first woman PM of the island nation was Sirimavo Bandaranaike. Sirimavo shattered a global glass ceiling in 1960 by becoming the world’s first woman Prime Minister. Her daughter Chandrika Kumaratunga became the second woman PM in 1994. Subsequently she too made history as Sri Lanka’s first woman President.

...



# Partnering to unleash SL’s maritime industry and blue economy into multibillion-dollar income generation

*2024-09-27 05:05:39*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/columns/Partnering-to-unleash-SL-s-maritime-industry-and-blue-economy-into-multibillion-dollar-income-generation/4-767219)

Sri Lanka has immense potential in nautical tourism, but there are regulatory barriers that limit its growth

Chamber of Marine Industries of Sri Lanka extends best wishes to new President Anura Kumara Dissanayake

...



# Navigating new EU sustainability and labelling requirements

*2024-09-27 05:02:00*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/opinion/Navigating-new-EU-sustainability-and-labelling-requirements/14-767218)

The European Union (EU), with its vast market of over 448 million consumers, has always been a key destination for Sri Lankan apparel exports. Known for its high-quality and ethically produced garments, Sri Lanka has secured a strong foothold in this competitive space. However, new sustainability and labelling requirements introduced by the EU present both challenges and opportunities for Sri Lankan apparel manufacturers. This feature explores the evolving regulatory landscape, the hurdles Sri Lankan companies face, and the benefits of complying with these changes.

...



# Ironwood Capital Partners partially exits its stake in Colombo Coffee Company to CAL-led consortium

*2024-09-27 04:58:36*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/Ironwood-Capital-Partners-partially-exits-its-stake-in-Colombo-Coffee-Company-to-CAL-led-consortium/34-767217)

From left: Rashaad Hussain, Nath Kottegoda, Imran Akbarally, CAL Group CEO Kanishke Manakkara, Ironwood Capital Partners Managing  Partner Hiran Embuldeniya, Aravinda de Silva and Ajith Dias

Private equity specialists Ironwood Capital Partners, announced yesterday a partial exit from its investment in the Colombo Coffee Company group which also includes Barista Coffee

A consortium of investors brought together by Capital Alliance Holdings Ltd. (CAL) has acquired a 20% stake in the group.

...



# ECCSL congratulates President AKD

*2024-09-27 04:57:23*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/ECCSL-congratulates-President-AKD/34-767216)

The European Chamber of Commerce in Sri Lanka (ECCSL) has extended its congratulations to President Anura Kumara Dissanayake on his election and inauguration as President of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka.

The recent Presidential elections held on 21 September witnessed a remarkable display of democratic engagement, with high voter turnout reflecting the people’s commitment to shaping their nation’s future. The peaceful conduct of the elections underscores the resilience of Sri Lanka’s democratic processes.

...



# Jetwing expands organic tea footprint

*2024-09-27 04:54:41*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/Jetwing-expands-organic-tea-footprint/34-767215)

Jetwing acquired the Uva Ben Head Tea Estate in Welimada in 2022 with a mandate to produce premium artisanal teas while safeguarding the environment through organic farming and biodiversity conservation.

The Uva Ben Head Estate, a 100-acre expanse previously reliant on inorganic farming methods, is undergoing a transformative journey under Jetwing’s guidance. The estate is now a beacon of organic farming, with Jetwing introducing mixed cropping and phasing out chemical fertilisers and pesticides.

...



# Logistics and Freight Forwarders Association congratulates President AKD

*2024-09-27 04:52:23*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/Logistics-and-Freight-Forwarders-Association-congratulates-President-AKD/34-767214)

The Sri Lanka Logistics and Freight Forwarders Association (SLFFA) has extended its heartfelt congratulations to President Anura Kumara Dissanayake, the newly appointed President of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka, and the Secretary to the President, Dr. Nandika Sanath Kumanayake.

It said this momentous occasion marks the beginning of a new chapter for the nation, and SLFFA is confident that under the President’s leadership, Sri Lanka will move towards a future of prosperity, unity, and progress.

...



# Frankfurt consumer goods trade fairs on tour

*2024-09-27 04:52:03*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/Frankfurt-consumer-goods-trade-fairs-on-tour/34-767213)

After the international press conference on 3 September 2024, the Frankfurt trade fair organisers Ambiente, Christmasworld and Creativeworld have embarked on a press roadshow.

On-site networking events provide a unique opportunity to engage in a dialogue. The events reach journalists from over 30 countries and underline the focus of the three leading consumer goods trade fairs on the international networking of the industry. They lay the foundation for a strong start of the 2025 order season.

...



# President assures sufficient fuel reserves

*2024-09-27 04:50:15*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/President-assures-sufficient-fuel-reserves/56-767212)

Appoints committee to oversee and approve foreign-aid projects within three months to fast-track implementation

Expresses faith in State officials, insisting critical role in achieving overall objectives

President Anura Kumara Dissanayake yesterday assured that the country has sufficient fuel reserves to meet its consumption needs, whilst urging officials from the Power and Energy Ministry to maintain these stocks and efficiently plan procurement for next year.

He assured full Presidential support in facilitating these efforts to ensure uninterrupted fuel availability for the public.

...



# AKD boosts paddy, fishery sectors

*2024-09-27 04:47:45*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/AKD-boosts-paddy-fishery-sectors/56-767211)

From 1 Oct. fertiliser subsidy up 60% to Rs. 25,000; fishermen to get Rs. 25 per litre fuel subsidy

President Anura Kumara Dissanayake yesterday increased fertiliser subsidy to paddy farmers by 66% to Rs. 25,000 per hectare with effect from 1 October.

He also announced a Rs. 25 for diesel and kerosene subsidy for the fisheries sector.

Treasury was directed to implement the scheme expeditiously during a meeting chaired by President Dissanayake.

The President’s Media Division said, in order to ensure efficient delivery of the subsidy to farmers, the funds will be directly transferred to their bank accounts.

...



# Mawbima Janatha Party appoints Dilum Amunugama as National Organiser

*2024-09-27 04:47:10*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/Mawbima-Janatha-Party-appoints-Dilum-Amunugama-as-National-Organiser/56-767210)

Mawbima Janatha Party (MJP) leader Dilith Jayaweera yesterday appointed former MP Dilum Amunugama as the National Organiser of the party.

“I warmly welcome former Minister and Parliamentarian Dilum Amunugama as the National Organiser of the Mawbima Janatha Party,” he noted via a post on ‘X’.

Jayaweera also said that the party is preparing for its next battle at the General Election.

...



# PM Harini tells schools to stop inviting politicians

*2024-09-27 04:45:22*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/PM-Harini-tells-schools-to-stop-inviting-politicians/56-767209)

Education Minister and Prime Minister Dr. Harini Amarasuriya yesterday urged all schools to immediately stop inviting politicians to their school events.

Speaking at an event organised by the Education Ministry, she said that inviting politicians to schools distracts students from the educational focus and risks politicising the school environment.

She also stressed on the need for transparency in filling teacher vacancies and urged that the process be conducted properly to build public trust.

...



# New President calls on Colombo Archbishop; visits mosque

*2024-09-27 04:43:57*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/New-President-calls-on-Colombo-Archbishop-visits-mosque/56-767208)

Newly elected President Anura Kumara Dissanayake on Monday called on Colombo Archbishop Cardinal Malcolm Ranjith to receive his blessings. Following this visit, the President also visited Dawatagaha Mosque in Colombo to seek further blessings.



# SLT-MOBITEL offers unbeatable rates on Tourist SIM & eSIM packages

*2024-09-27 03:36:00*

[islandlk](http://island.lk/slt-mobitel-offers-unbeatable-rates-on-tourist-sim-esim-packages/)

Reaffirming its commitment to offering best in class connectivity, SLT-MOBITEL has unveiled an exciting value proposition with its latest Tourist SIM pack, specifically designed to cater to the communication needs of tourists visiting the island nation.

Be it exploring the lush tea plantations of the hill country, soaking up the sun on the southern beaches, or immersing yourself in Colombo’s vibrant culture, SLT-MOBITEL ensures you stay connected with seamless, ultra-high-speed mobile internet through its robust nationwide 4G network and future-ready network infrastructure.

...



# Sri Lanka’s organic food in high demand in UK – H.C. Andrew Patrick

*2024-09-27 03:34:00*

[islandlk](http://island.lk/sri-lankas-organic-food-in-high-demand-in-uk-h-c-andrew-patrick/)

Sri Lanka could easily export organic food, ayurvedic products and pet food to the UK market, where there is a huge demand for them, British High Commissioner to Sri Lanka Andrew Patrick said.

‘We are quite confident with the government and it must mainly focus on the growth of the economy and national security for the wellbeing of the country. If Sri Lanka focuses on exporting the mentioned products, it would be helpful to maintain the balance of trade between two countries, High Commissioner Patrick said as a guest speaker at a Rotary International joint meeting held at the Hilton recently.

...



# SriLankan Airlines named Leading International Airline in South Asia at SATA 2024

*2024-09-27 03:33:00*

[islandlk](http://island.lk/srilankan-airlines-named-leading-international-airline-in-south-asia-at-sata-2024/)

SriLankan Airlines has once again been recognized as the Leading International Airline in South Asia under the Visitors’ Choice Awards category at the South Asian Travel Awards (SATA) 2024, marking its second consecutive win in this prestigious category. This accolade reinforces the airline’s status as a powerhouse in the aviation industry of South Asia, with an unmatched legacy of service and hospitality, and a comprehensive flight schedule serving 85% of the South Asian region.

...



# Siyapatha Finance posts steady growth in 1st half 2024

*2024-09-27 03:31:00*

[islandlk](http://island.lk/siyapatha-finance-posts-steady-growth-in-1st-half-2024/)

Siyapatha Finance PLC recently posted a steady financial growth for the first half ended 30 June 2024. The company recorded a Profit After Tax (PAT) of Rs.513 Million indicating a 189% increase compared to the corresponding period last year, while the Profit Before Tax (PBT) grew by 133% compared to the preceding year and stood at Rs.1,215 Million.

During the period, Net Interest Income (NII) saw a notable upsurge of 70.0% to reach Rs.2,078 Million compared to Rs.1,223 Million recorded during the previous year – an increase fundamentally attributed to the significant decrease in interest expenses as at 30 June 2024.

...



# CSE bull run continues; turnover hits Rs 4.3 billion

*2024-09-27 03:29:00*

[islandlk](http://island.lk/cse-bull-run-continues-turnover-hits-rs-4-3-billion/)

The stock market, though bullish in the extreme at the outset yesterday showed signs of losing steam by the middle of the day owing to month-end profit- takings but bounced back at the end of the session, market analysts said.

The conclusion of the debt restructuring exercise and the IMF’s willingness to negotiate with the government boosted the market, which touched Rs 4.3 billion in turnover, helped by major crossings. It was the highest turnover to be reported over the past several trading days.

...



# Serendib Flour Mills to celebrate marketing excellence as sponsor at SLIM Brand Excellence Awards 2024

*2024-09-27 03:17:00*

[islandlk](http://island.lk/serendib-flour-mills-to-celebrate-marketing-excellence-as-sponsor-at-slim-brand-excellence-awards-2024/)

Serendib Flour Mills aims to celebrate outstanding marketing achievements as the Bronze Sponsor at the SLIM Brand Excellence Awards 2024.Organized by the Sri Lanka Institute of Marketing (SLIM), the national body for marketing, the annual SLIM Brand Excellence Awards is a highly anticipated event that recognizes the country’s top marketing achievements. It serves as a platform for healthy competition among local marketers, inspiring them to achieve international standards. The awards program is a testament to SLIM’s dedication to making marketing a pivotal force in Sri Lanka’s economy.

...



# HNBGI Chief Transformation Officer Dilshan Perera recognized at Sri Lanka Leadership Awards 2024

*2024-09-27 03:17:00*

[islandlk](http://island.lk/hnbgi-chief-transformation-officer-dilshan-perera-recognized-at-sri-lanka-leadership-awards-2024/)

Dilshan Perera, Chief Transformation Officer/General Manager at HNB General Insurance, was recognized at the Sri Lanka Leadership Awards 2024. This accolade honors his contributions to brand building, corporate leadership and innovation, highlighting a remarkable career spanning multiple industries.

In his current role at HNB General Insurance, Dilshan Perera plays a pivotal role in driving the company’s transformation journey. His leadership has been instrumental in integrating innovative technologies and customer centric strategies, shaping the company’s future in a competitive marketplace.

...



# Unilever Sri Lanka emerges No.1 Employer of Choice for the 12th consecutive year among undergraduates

*2024-09-27 03:16:00*

[islandlk](http://island.lk/unilever-sri-lanka-emerges-no-1-employer-of-choice-for-the-12th-consecutive-year-among-undergraduates/)

Unilever Sri Lanka has once again solidified its status as the most preferred employer among undergraduates in Sri Lanka. This survey was conducted by an independent research agency which recognized Unilever as the No. 1 Employer of Choice, underscoring the company’s commitment to nurturing young talent and providing purposeful career opportunities.

...



# Anura Kumara Dissanayake: What kind of ruler will be the new President?

*2024-09-27 02:39:15*

[bbccomsinhala](https://www.bbc.com/sinhala/articles/c0kj5m1y3d3o)

President Mahinda Rajapaksa was appointed as the 9th Executive President of Sri Lanka, upcoming the tradition of Sri Lanka's utilization president in Sri Lanka.

The custody of Sri Lanka has surrendered to the next five years.

Professor Jayawardena, Professor Jayawardena, Professor Vasakha Sooriyabandara, Professor Vasakha Sooriyagon, Anura Kumara Dissanayake, is an analysis with the Government of Visakha Sooriyaganayake, Anura Kumara Dissanayake.

Prof. Jayaswa Uyangoda says he believes he will be "an honest leader" according to the behavior of Anura Kumara Dissanayake.

...



# All’s well! Hope the new situ proceeds well and smoothly

*2024-09-27 02:32:00*

[islandlk](http://island.lk/alls-well-hope-the-new-situ-proceeds-well-and-smoothly/)

All’s well! What’s so well? Why the country, Stupid! The ‘being well’ has many angles to it.

One:the presidential election worked out smoothly with very few reports of misbehaviour and no violence.

...



# Concentrated state vehicles will be released to essential services - Ananda Vijayapala

*2024-09-27 01:50:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/194881)

President Anura Kumara Dissanayake has issued a directive to the relevant authorities that the state vehicles parked near the Galle Association will be released only for essential services, said the President's Exclusive Secretary Ananda Vijayapala.

Ananda Wijepala said that it is sad that the people's taxpayer is wasting and that steps will be taken to make a full review of the matter and make people aware of the future activities.

The President's Private Secretary Ananda Wijepala made this statement at a media briefing held on Thursday 26th.

...



# The pension of 85 people canceled as Parliament was dissolved before the end of office

*2024-09-27 01:31:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/194880)

The pension of 85 new members representing the ruling and opposition parties has been canceled due to the dissolution of the president before the ninth parliament ended.

The general election will be held on Thursday 14th November. The number of district seats has changed in 2024, which is the new Voter Iduba (Voter Idivore).

The High Gazette on the dissolution of Parliament and holding the General Elections was released by President Anura Kumara Dissanayake on Wednesday (25).

...



# China's cooperation is essential for the project to build Sri Lanka's economy -Foreign Minister Vijitha Herath

*2024-09-27 01:25:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/194879)

External Affairs Minister Vijitha Herath said that Sri Lanka is grateful to the cooperation of China when we face the economic crisis of Sri Lanka, and thanks to the continued cooperation of the Chinese financial institutions for the credit restructuring program.

He was speaking at the event held at the Sangirilla Hotel in Colombo on Wednesday evening (25) to mark the 75th anniversary of the creation of China.

...



# Permission to vote at another voting station with reasonable factors;Apply by 2024.10.01- Elections Commission

*2024-09-27 01:21:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/194878)

Voters who are unable to vote at the voting center in their resident area can request to be allowed to vote at another voting center.. The Elections Commission has announced that it will be able to apply at the Elections Commission or through the District Elections Offices before 2024.10.01.

Voters who are fair that they cannot vote at the referendum, which is assigned to the referendum under Article 127 (b) of the Parliamentary Elections Act, No. 1 of 1981, can make a demand for a voting center at another voting center.

...

