# #SriLanka :sri_lanka: News Bulletin

<div id="news_lk_bulletin">

*Updated* **2024-04-22 20:01:58**

1. Nine suspects including former health minister Keheliya Rambukwella have been remanded until May 6 in connection with a case (adaderanalk, tamilmirrorlk, virakesarilk).
2. The Israeli military’s intelligence chief has resigned, taking responsibility for the failures before Hamas’s attack on Israel on 7 October (adaderanalk).
3. Former Minister of Health Keheliya Rambukwella and eight others have been further remanded until May 06, 2024, in connection with the alleged import of substandard human immunoglobulin vials (adaderanalk).
4. The government's negotiations with international bailouts for foreign government loans have failed (virakesarilk).
5. A suspect who had been avoiding court in connection with a financial media scam has been arrested by Thihagoda Police in Emaduwa, Galle (adaderanasinhalalk).
6. The Leader of the JHU has claimed that the government's delay in debt restructuring is due to the upcoming presidential election (adalk).
7. AirAsia, Malaysia, has expressed interest in purchasing SriLankan Airlines, with Dhammika Perera, the Chairman of Hayleys Limited and Sri Lanka's private flights, also expressing consent (adalk).
8. The body of a person who died mysteriously was found near the Gallane Expressway Bridge in Bandaragama (adaderanasinhalalk).
9. The deadline for applying for a National Identity Card for people over 40 who do not have a birth certificate has been extended to June 30 (tamilmirrorlk).
10. Sri Lanka is seeking to enhance ties with Gambia ahead of the OIC summit, with discussions held between Sri Lankan Envoy to Kenya, Kana Kananathan, and Dr. Mamadou Tangara, the Foreign Minister of Gambia (dailymirrorlk).

</div>

[Previous](data) Bulletins

## Methodology

This bulletin has been autogenerated by MistralAI's [mistral-large-latest](https://mistral.ai/news/mistral-large/) model, with the following prompt:

*Extract objective facts from this set of news articles, that might be of practical use to ordinary Sri Lankans,and present as 10 detailed bullets. EXCLUDE news not directly relevant to Sri Lanka. DO NOT duplicate repeat news articles. EXCLUDE political opinions/statements by politicians. EXCLUDE marketing/propaganda. DO mention the name of the source, as "[newspaper]". EMPHASIZE named entities and statistics in bold.*

## Source News

Based on **126** News Articles, from the last **11** hours.

# Wijeyadasa Rajapakse decides

*2024-04-22 19:29:11*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/විජයදාස-රාජපක්ෂ-ගැන-පොහොට්ටුව-තීරණයක්-ගනියි/11-409215)

Meanwhile, the General Secretary of the Sri Lanka Civil Front, the General Secretary of the Sri Lanka Civil Front, said that the disciplinary Secretary of the Sri Lanka Puba Karan Front will be submitted to the post of Acting Chairman of the Sri Lanka Civil Front.

When contacted, he said that the matter was referred to the matter to the party disciplinary board.

Addressing a media briefing held at Nelum Praheya Headquarters at Nelum Mawatha, Battaramulla yesterday (22), MP Tissa Shuththi Arachchi said that the Sri Lankan General Front members of Wijayadasa Rajapaksa were abolished at the time of joining another party.

...



# Explanation for 9 suspects including Keheliya

*2024-04-22 19:15:04*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/கெஹலிய-உள்ளிட்ட-9-சந்தேகநபர்களுக்கும்-விளக்கமறியல்/175-336205)

Nine suspects, including former health minister Keheliya Rambukwella, have been remanded until May 6.

When the case came up for hearing again today, Magistrate Magistrate Losini Abeywickrama issued the order.

It is also reported that the bail demand by the President's Attorney General on behalf of former Health Minister Keheliya Rambukwella has been rejected.. Remble



# Israel military intelligence chief quits over 7 October

*2024-04-22 19:10:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98780/israel-military-intelligence-chief-quits-over-7-october)

The Israeli military’s intelligence chief has resigned, saying he took responsibility for the failures before Hamas’s attack on Israel on 7 October.

The Israel Defense Forces (IDF) said Major General Aharon Haliva would retire once his successor was selected.

He acknowledged in a letter that his intelligence directorate “did not live up to the task we were entrusted with”.

He is the first senior figure to step down over the attack, which were the deadliest in Israel’s history.

...



# Nine suspects including Keheliya Rambukwella till the sixth day

*2024-04-22 19:02:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181710)

Nine suspects, including former health minister Keheliya Rambukwella, have been remanded until the sixth May.

The order was issued on Monday (22) when the Magistrate Magistrate Losini Abeywickrama issued the order.

It is noteworthy that the bail demand by the President's Attorney General on behalf of former Health Minister Keheliya Rambukwella was rejected.



# Keheliya further remanded until May 06

*2024-04-22 18:47:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98779/keheliya-further-remanded-until-may-06-)

Former Minister of Health Keheliya Rambukwella and eight others, who were implicated in the alleged import of substandard human immunoglobulin vials, have been further remanded until May 06, 2024.

Maligakanda Magistrate Lochani Abeywickrema issued this order when the case was taken up today (22), Ada Derana reporter said.



# Keheliya remanded again

*2024-04-22 18:46:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195872)

Former Health Minister Keheliya Rambukwella and the nine suspects were remanded again from May until May of the questionable antibodies.

When the case was taken up again today, Maligakanda Magistrate Luchene Abeywickrama made this order.

The bail of the President's Counsel appearing on behalf of former Minister of Health Keheliya Rambukwella was rejected.



# Foreign State Debt Relief issue: Failure of negotiations with international bailouts

*2024-04-22 18:32:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181703)

The government's negotiations with international bailouts for foreign government loans have failed.

He was speaking at a media briefing held at the Pivithuru Hela Urumaya (JHU) office in Colombo on Monday (22).

The government is negotiating with three sides on debt restructuring. First, the official committee, which includes other credit providers, except China, has bilateral discussions on the basis of the second China and the third international bailouts.

...



# Another online finance cheater caught

*2024-04-22 18:07:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195871)

Police have arrested a suspect who was imposed on financial media column.

The suspect is a 32 year old resident of Emaduwa, Galle.

The suspect has been avoided a long time to a court in connection with a court of law against the suspect.

The suspect was arrested by Thihagoda Police at Boralesgamuwa.

The police have taken a tab computer, six mobile phones, eight different bank cards and about Rs. 40,000.

Police investigations have revealed that the suspect was credited to various parts of the country from Rs. 3,000 to Rs.

...



# Surely, in Sri Lanka's black money has been invested in bonds

*2024-04-22 17:58:09*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/ලංකාවේ-කළු-සල්ලි-බැඳුම්කරවල-ආයෝජනය-කර-ඇති-බවට-සැකයක්/11-409207)

The Leader of the JHU, the leader of the JHU, says that the government's delegation has caused the government to delay in the restructuring of the debt until the end of the presidential election.

He was speaking at a media briefing held at the party office in party office today (2024.04.22). The leader of the Plandani Hela Heritage said:

"The government is currently discussing the restructuring of credit with three parties. All discussions with China and the Official Borrower Committee were unsuccessful.The government refused the debtor restructuring plan submitted by the bond owners.

...



# Israeli military intelligence head resigns

*2024-04-22 17:44:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195870)

Foreign media reports that the Head of the Army Intelligence of Israel has resigned.

The Hamas took responsibility for the lack of identifying the attack on Israel on October 07th last October.

However, the Israelite security force has said that Major General Azorne Halli has retired.

He is also the first Senior Army officer who left office due to the Israeli attack.



# 6 companies willing to buy SriLankan

*2024-04-22 17:43:06*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/ශ්‍රී-ලන්කන්-මිලදී-ගන්න-සමාගම්-6ක්-කැමැත්තෙන්/11-409206)

Six companies have presented six companies to purchase SriLankan Airlines. The Hayleys Limited as well as Sri Lanka's private flights, as well as Dhammika Perera is the Chairman.

Air Asia, Malaysia, has also expressed consent. In addition, Sri Lankan consent of Tamil Nadu sherisha techies limited and DHTShaan Elite Invest Investment Holding (Pvt) HOLDING (PVT) HOLDING (PVT) HOLDING (PVT) HOLDING (PVT) HOLDING (PVT) HOLDING (PVT) holds. The ambition to purchase SriLankan on Tuesday (22).



# Mysterious body found under Extension Bridge

*2024-04-22 17:35:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195869)

The body of a person who died mysteriously found near the Gallane Expressway Bridge in Bandaragama.

The police said that the identity of the deceased has not yet been revealed.

The body has been placed at the Bandaragama hospital morgue for the post mortem.

He is a ticket height, 5 feet height and 4 inches height.

He has been dressed in a shirt and mixed with a shirt and orange and brown.



# Sri Lanka seeks enhanced ties with Gambia ahead of OIC summit

*2024-04-22 17:34:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Sri-Lanka-seeks-enhanced-ties-with-Gambia-ahead-of-OIC-summit/108-281166)

Ahead  of the forthcoming Organization of the Islamic Cooporation (OIC) summit, slated to be hosted by Gambia in early May, Sri Lankan Envoy to Kenya, Kana Kananathan engaged in bilateral discussions with Dr. Mamadou Tangara, the Foreign Minister of Gambia.

The discussions centered on fortifying the bonds between Sri Lanka and African nations, emphasizing collaboration and solidarity among African countries.

Ambassador Kananathan reiterated Sri Lanka's unwavering commitment to being a steadfast ally to Africa.

...



# President calls on Chief Prelates of Malwatu and Asgiri chapters

*2024-04-22 17:27:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98778/president-calls-on-chief-prelates-of-malwatu-and-asgiri-chapters)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe called on the Chief Prelates of the Malwathu and Asgiri Chapters yesterday (21) to seek their blessings.

First, President Ranil Wickremesinghe visited the Malwathu Maha Viharaya and paid his respects to the Chief Prelate of the Malwathu Chapter, Most Ven. Thibbatuwawe Sri Sumangala Nayaka Thera, followed by a brief discussion. The Anunayake of the Malwathu Chapter,

Most Venerable Dimbulkumbure Vimaladhamma Thera, was also present, and together they chanted Seth Pirith and blessed the President.

...



# Homemade people are locked up in the room by a group of policemen who like the police!

*2024-04-22 17:20:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181680)

நுரைச்சோலை நாவற்காடு பிரதேசத்தில் பொலிஸார் என தம்மை அடையாளப்படுத்திய குழுவொன்று வீடு ஒன்றுக்குள் நுழைந்து அங்கிருந்தவர்களை அறையில் பூட்டி வைத்து அவர்களின் தங்க நகைகள்,பணம் உள்ளிட்ட 90 இலட்சம் ரூபாவுக்கும் அதிகமான சொத்துக்களை கொள்ளையடித்துள்ளதாக நுரைச்சோலை பொலிஸார் தெரிவித்துள்ளனர்.

The robbery took place at the home of a tobacco and vegetable manufacturer in the Navakkadu area, police said.

During the robbery, police said that the owner of the house, his wife, mother and three daughters were at home.

...



# Ice emerged from a loamy in Battaramulla

*2024-04-22 17:15:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195868)

In a location of Battaramulla, 5 suspects have been arrested along with 650 grams of ice.

It is reported that the value of the ice drug has been reported nearly Rs.

There are two women among the arrested persons and they have revealed that they were residents of Negombo and Katana.

The other three suspects have been revealed to residents of Colombo and Embilipitiya.

The suspects have been arrested in a raid on a loamy in the area of Battaramulla on information received by the Army Intelligence.

The suspects have been handed over to the Talangama Police for further investigations.



# Sri Lanka exceeds tax revenue target by 6% in first quarter

*2024-04-22 16:52:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-exceeds-state-revenue-target-by-6-in-first-quarter-159718/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka’s revenue collecting bodies have outperformed and exceeded tax revenue target by 6 percent for the first quarter ended on March 31, State Revenue Minister Ranjith Siyambalapitiya said.

“After many years of difficult challenges, it has been possible to exceed the expected state revenue in the first quarter of 2024,” he said in a statement.

The government expects a revenue collection of 4,106 billion rupees in 2024.

...



# Indictments on a cricket betrayal

*2024-04-22 16:46:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195866)

The owner of a cricket team has been indicted against the owner of a cricket team against the match against the matching of the match against the matching match in the 'LegendS Cricket Tricks' in Sri Lanka.

The Attorney General has been informed before the Colombo Magistrate's Court today.

The indictment has been filed against an Indian national who owns a cricket team to join the tournament.



# Air Asia, SriLanka’s FITS, Hayleys bid for SriLankan Airlines

*2024-04-22 16:40:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/malaysias-air-asia-sri-lankas-fits-hayleys-bid-for-srilankan-159713/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Malaysia’s AirAsia group, FITS Aviattion of Sri Lanka and Hayleys are among bidders for state-run SriLankan Airlines, a statement from the State-owned Enterprises Restructuring Unit said.

Dharshaan Elite Investment Holding (Pvt) Ltd, . Sherisha Technologies Private Limited and Treasure Republic Guardians Limited are the other bidders.

International Finance Corporation, as Transaction Advisors for the divestiture of SriLankan Airlines Limited, will continue to advise the government, the statement said. (Colombo/April22/2024)



# AirAsia and FitsAir among bidders for SriLankan Airlines

*2024-04-22 16:26:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98777/airasia-and-fitsair-among-bidders-for-srilankan-airlines)

Malaysian budget carrier AirAsia is among six bidders for Sri Lanka’s state-run carrier SriLankan Airlines as the island nation looks to reduce losses incurred by government-owned enterprises under a US$2.9 billion (RM13.8 billion) International Monetary Fund (IMF) programme.

AirAsia Consulting has submitted a request for qualification from potential investors for the acquisition of shares in SriLankan Airlines Limited, a statement released by Sri Lanka’s finance ministry said.

FitsAir, Sri Lanka’s privately-owned low-cost airline, has also submitted a RfQ for the acquisition of shares in SriLankan Airlines.

...



# Health officials warn against misleading posts re child surgeries abroad

*2024-04-22 16:23:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Health-officials-warn-against-misleading-posts-re-child-surgeries-abroad/108-281165)

Colombo, April 22 (Daily Mirror) - A recent viral social media message alleging that the Rotary Club Colombo West has received a substantial grant for cardiac surgeries in India and is transferring children to LRH – Colombo for treatment has raised concerns among health officials.

The message, which has been circulating widely, claims that the Rotary Club Colombo West secured a staggering $15 million grant for cardiac surgeries in India and is currently facilitating the transfer of children to LRH – Colombo for treatment. However, upon investigation, several discrepancies have been uncovered.

...



# History: Rice;Rice today!

*2024-04-22 16:22:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181681)

The government provides 10 kg of rice each to low -income families in the country. However, in 1973, the government announced that those who were taken over the rice would be jailed and fined.

The then government had announced that it would prevent imports and carry out a self -government. But today, our country is in a position to import rice and supply to the people.

As a result of this, the Weerakesari magazine, published on November 15, 1973, was published with the headlines, "If you take over a half -rice rice, the vehicle is confiscated: there is a fine of prison."



# Extension of the final date

*2024-04-22 16:20:24*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/இறுதி-திகதி-நீடிப்பு/175-336199)

Due to lack of birth certificate, people over the age of 40 have been given the opportunity to obtain the National Identity Card.

Accordingly, the Department of Records said that the final date for applying for the National Identity Card has been extended till June 30. The last day of the application was announced on the 31st.

However, at the request of the Divisional Secretaries, it has been extended till June 30, said the Commissioner General of the Registration Commission G.Pradeep Saputhandri said.



# Anti-Indian leader gets over two-third majority in Maldives parliamentary polls

*2024-04-22 16:15:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/anti-indian-leader-gets-over-two-third-majority-in-maldives-parliamentary-polls-159710/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Pro-Chinese Maldivian President Mohamed Muizzu’s People’s National Congress (PNC) secured a landslide victory in the Parliamentary elections held this weekend, the archipelago’s election results showed.

Muizzu’s “India Out” campaign helped massively for the election results, analysts say. The main opposition Maldivian Democratic Party led by pro-Indian and former President Ibrahim Mohamed Solih won only 15 seats from 65 in the previous parliament, local media reported.

...



# Sajith Premadasa and JVP are politicizing the bomb blast - Pillaiyan

*2024-04-22 16:11:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181678)

The United States of America, Australia, handed over the lifeblood Sunday blasts worldwide. The police found this correctly and found out what had happened and submitted the report. But in Sri Lanka, an irresponsible opposition leader Sajith Premadasa and parties like the JVP are now taking over this to politicize it.. Minister of State for Rural Road Development Sivanesathurai Chandrakanthan said that such bombings can be avoided by creating an intellectual regulation of religion in the future.

...



# 3 Refugees asylum in Dhanushkodi

*2024-04-22 15:56:59*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/தனுஷ்கோடியில்-3-அகதிகள்-தஞ்சம்/175-336195)

Due to the economic crisis in the country, the people of India are taking refuge as refugees in Dhanushkodi, India.

Three persons, including a boy from the Batticaloa area, have taken refuge on Monday morning (22) at the next fifth sand.

The fishermen who went to fish in the area have informed the police about them.

Following this, Marine Police have taken action to take action and rescue the Sri Lankan refugees who sought refuge in the fifth sand fleet, unable to bear the heat in the sun.

The trio thanked Marine Police for rescuing themselves for not being warm.. Further investigations are being carried out by the police.



# Three Sri Lankan refugees, including boy, have refuge in Tamil Nadu

*2024-04-22 15:56:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181675)

Three Sri Lankan refugees, including a boy from Sri Lanka, have taken shelter in Tamil Nadu this morning.

Fishermen who went to fish in the area have informed the police that three persons, including a boy from the Sri Lankan Batticaloa area, have taken refuge in the next fifth sand.

Subsequently, Marine Police took action and rescued the Sri Lankan refugees who sought refuge in the fifth sand fleet, unable to bear the heat in the sun.

The refugees who were unable to bear the warmth have thanked Marine Police.



# Israel's military intelligence unit resigns

*2024-04-22 15:53:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181674)

The head of the Israeli Military Intelligence Unit has resigned from his post in connection with the attack on Israel on the seventh of October.

Major General Agaron Haliva, head of Israeli Military Intelligence Unit, said he would resign from his post, including failing to find out the Hamas attack.

In his letter of resignation, he accepted that our intelligence unit did not function as much as we could fulfill our responsibility.

He is the first high -ranking officer of Israel, who resigned on the seventh of October.

It is noteworthy that the Israeli military and the intelligence agencies have missed several precautions.



# Sri Lanka’s inflation eases to 2.5% in March 2024

*2024-04-22 15:39:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98776/sri-lankas-inflation-eases-to-25-in-march-2024)

The overall rate of inflation as measured by the National Consumer Price Index (NCPI) on Year-on-Year basis has been decreased to 2.5% in March 2024, compared to 5.1% in February 2024, the Department of Census and Statistics (DCS) revealed in its latest report.

Meanwhile, the contributions to the inflation rate of March 2024 from the food group and non-food group are 2.1% and 0.4% respectively.

...



# India’s ITC to launch over $300 mln worth Sri Lankan property this week

*2024-04-22 15:37:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/indias-itc-to-launch-over-300-mln-worth-sri-lankan-property-this-week-159703/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Indian Tobacco Company (ITC) will launch its Sri Lankan property this week, an official said, a decade after the start of the construction in the land it owns next to China’s high end Shangri-La Hotel.

This waterfront luxury development will include Colombo’s tallest residential tower with 48 stories, connected by a dual sky bridge to a 29-story hotel.

Named as ITC Ratnadipa, is a subsidiary of ITC Limited and the proprietor is locally incorporated WelcomHotels Lanka Pvt. Ltd.

...



# Here is the difference in inflation

*2024-04-22 15:36:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195865)

According to the National Institute of Consumer Price Index, the country's inflation has fallen to 2.5% for March 2024.

However, in February, 2024, the inflation was reported in March 2024.



# Does he know him in the Kelani River?

*2024-04-22 15:34:49*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/කැලනි-ගඟේ-සිටි-ඔහු-හඳුනනවාද--/11-409205)

It is reported that the corpse of a body found in the Kelani River in the Peliyagoda Police Division area.

The demise of the deceased has not been confirmed and is about 55 and 50 feet tall and a shirt is like a shirt and the face is too unforms and the face is too unreasonable to be identified..



# Pro-China party wins Maldives election in landslide

*2024-04-22 15:28:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Pro-China-party-wins-Maldives-election-in-landslide/108-281163)

MALE, April 22 (Reuters) - Maldives voters handed President Mohamed Muizzu's party a landslide win at parlimentary elections, media said on Monday, an outcome set to shift the Indian Ocean archipelago closer to China and away from traditional partner India.

Muizzu's People's National Congress (PNC) won 65 of the 93 seats up for grabs on Sunday, preliminary results from the Maldives Elections Commission and media projections show.

The main opposition Maldives Democratic Party (MDP) dwindled to just 12 seats from 65 earlier.

Both Beijing and New Delhi have wooed the Maldives as they vie for influence in the Indo-Pacific region.

...



# Minister Prasanna officials to fulfill the project to develop Sigiriya and Dambulla as a tourist destination

*2024-04-22 15:27:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181672)

Minister of Urban Development and Housing Prasanna Ranatunga on Friday (19) issued a directive to the officials of the Urban Development and Housing Minister to complete the basic projects of the Sigiriya and Dambulla Tourism Zone.

Minister Prasanna Ranatunga said that the Ministry of Finance has also appointed a committee to provide urban facilities in the scheme.

...



# Stocks of rice, dhal distributed to schools unfit for consumption

*2024-04-22 15:20:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Stocks-of-rice-dhal-distributed-to-schools-unfit-for-consumption/108-281162)

Colombo, April 22 (Daily Mirror) - The Public Health Inspectors’ Union has raised serious concerns over the quality of rice and dhal to be distributed to schools under the World Food Programme (WFP).

Speaking to the Daily Mirror, PHI union Head Upul Rohana alleged that stocks of rice and dhal stored in a government warehouse in the Veyangoda area, intended for the school meals programme, have been found to be substandard.

...



# CID invitation to senior journalist

*2024-04-22 15:14:53*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/மூத்த-ஊடகவியலாளருக்கு-CID-அழைப்பாணை/175-336191)

Senior Journalist in Sri Lanka will be present at the Criminal Investigation Department (CID) tomorrow.

Samarawickrama has said that the summit has been issued on a broadcast on the security issue of President Ranil Wickremesinghe.



# CID invitation to journalist

*2024-04-22 15:14:53*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/ஊடகவியலாளருக்கு-CID-அழைப்பாணை/175-336191)

Senior Journalist in Sri Lanka will be present at the Criminal Investigation Department (CID) tomorrow.

Samarawickrama has said that the summit has been issued on a broadcast on the security issue of President Ranil Wickremesinghe.



# 68,131 hectares crops due to rain and floods

*2024-04-22 15:13:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181667)

The Department of Agriculture said that 68,131 hectares of vegetables and other crops were damaged due to rain and floods in the country from 2023 to 2024.

In addition, the amount of the damaged land is 71 percent of the total land area, the department said.

100,000 hectares of paddy cultivated this year have been damaged due to rain and floods.



# Indian cricket manager indicted for Legend Cricket League match-fixing allegations

*2024-04-22 15:07:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Indian-cricket-manager-indicted-for-Legend-Cricket-League-match-fixing-allegations/108-281161)

Colombo, April 22 (Daily Mirror)- The Attorney General’s Department informed court today that an indictment has been filed before the Colombo High Court against an Indian cricket manager over match-fixing allegations during the Legend Cricket League 2024.

A Senior State Counsel appearing on behalf of the Attorney General made this revelation when the magisterial inquiry into the alleged match fixing case was taken up before the Colombo Chief Magistrate's Court.

Court was informed that an indictment has been filed before the Colombo High Court against Yoni Patel, a team manager of the Legend Cricket League 2024.

...



# MP post will be lost by Justice Minister

*2024-04-22 15:04:04*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/எம்-பி-பதவியை-நீதியமைச்சர்-இழக்க-நேரிடும்/175-336190)

SLPP MP Tissa Kuttiarachchi today said that the Sri Lanka Freedom Party (SLFP) will lose its post of Parliament according to the Constitution of the Sri Lanka Peoples Alliance (PA).

He said at a media briefing that the Sri Lanka PA had not yet discussed the matter and that the General Secretary of the Sri Lanka PA would be decided soon.

According to the constitution and laws of the party, the parliamentarian said that once one gains the membership of another political party, his party will soon lose its membership.

He said that Minister Rajapaksa would lose the party's rights and thereby lose his position as a parliamentarian.

...



# The Iranian president has arrived in Pakistan

*2024-04-22 14:44:49*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/உலக-செய்திகள்/ஈரானிய-ஜனாதிபதி-பாகிஸ்தானை-வந்தடைந்தார்/50-336189)

Iranian President Ibrahim Raisi arrived in Pakistan on Monday (22) as a three -day official visit

The Foreign Office (FO) said that he had arrived at the Raisi Islamabad airport and was welcomed by Housing Minister Myan Riaz Hussain Birzada and Pakistani Ambassador to Iran.

It said, "There is a high -level committee comprising his vice -president and foreign minister and other cabinet members and senior officials with the President of Iran."



# Lives of the North tonight

*2024-04-22 14:42:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195864)

Space scientists say 3 (22) in the middle of the night of the midnight of League, which is one of the annual mechanisms.

The meteor rain is active from 15 April to 29th April.

Space Science Engineer Gihan Weerasekera said that League is known as the waters of the harpathawa harp.

"This meteorite rains can be observed for about 20 meteors per hour. This is the maximum impressive of early morning tomorrow or tomorrow. It is possible to observe this after midnight today. Because the full moon seems to be a problem today. Therefore, it is the best time to observe this meteor to observe this meteorite rains. "



# Opening of the Department of Records in Nuwara Eliya

*2024-04-22 14:41:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181664)

The Office of the Nuwara Eliya District Registrar's Office on Monday (22) on Monday (22), the Minister of Public Security, Trans, Lady McLeam Road Hawelia, inaugurated the President's Office in the new address of the Nuwara Eliya District Records Department on Monday (22).

The office is opened in Nuwara Eliya to cover the Central Province. Also, all the facilities for obtaining National Identity Cards through Normal Service have been made. The Department of Records said that one day service will be launched soon.

...



# Pro-China party wins Maldives election in landslide, media say

*2024-04-22 14:40:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98775/pro-china-party-wins-maldives-election-in-landslide-media-say)

Maldives voters handed President Mohamed Muizzu’s party a landslide win at parlimentary elections, media said on Monday, an outcome set to shift the Indian Ocean archipelago closer to China and away from traditional partner India.

Muizzu’s People’s National Congress (PNC) won 65 of the 93 seats up for grabs on Sunday, preliminary results from the Maldives Elections Commission and media projections show.

The main opposition Maldives Democratic Party (MDP) dwindled to just 12 seats from 65 earlier.

Both Beijing and New Delhi have wooed the Maldives as they vie for influence in the Indo-Pacific region.

...



# Pregnant and fetus in the hospital;Tragedy in Vavuniya

*2024-04-22 14:32:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181662)

A pregnant woman who was admitted to the Vavuniya Hospital has died in the bathroom and the fetus in his stomach has died.

A pregnant woman from Madhavachi area was admitted to the Vavuniya Hospital.

It is reported that he fell into the bathroom at the hotel today (22). He has thus died.

Subsequently, doctors have been rescued and surgery to save the baby in his stomach. However, the baby in the stomach has died.

The Vavuniya Hospital Director telephoned the hospital to learn about the incident.



# Pensioners protest...

*2024-04-22 14:30:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/caption-story/Pensioners-protest/110-281160)

The Collective of Pensioners' Associations staged a protest outside the Public Administration Ministry today, advocating for various demands, including the rectification of pension anomalies. Pix by Waruna Wanniarachchi



# Explanation

*2024-04-22 14:10:38*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/உலப்பன-சுமங்கல-தேரருக்கு-விளக்கமறியல்/175-336187)

Colombo Additional Magistrate Prasan Amarasena on Monday (22) has ordered that three persons, including the Coordinator of the Teachers' Association, Ulappane Sumangala Thera, have been remanded until the 26th of this month.

Colombo Municipal Council member and Chancellor Ulappane Sumangala Thera has been interrogated in court to protest against the removal of several cottages in Narahenpitiya and Tabare Mawatha.

The magistrate announced that the suspects had not obeyed the court order and announced that the suspects had to face the exam on the 27th of this month.



# Wijeyadasa could lose his Parliamentary seat: Tissa Kuttiarachchi

*2024-04-22 14:08:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Wijeyadasa-could-lose-his-Parliamentary-seat-Tissa-Kuttiarachchi/108-281159)

Colombo, April 22 (Daily Mirror)- Justice Minister Wijeyadasa Rajapakshe, who took up the position as the Acting Chairman of the Sri Lanka Freedom Party (SLFP) could lose his parliamentary seat, according to the party constitution of the Sri Lanka Podujana Peramuna (SLPP), SLPP MP Tissa Kuttiarachchi said today.

He told a news conference that the SLPP had not discussed the matter as yet and that the SLPP General Secretary would take a decision soon.

The MP said according to the party constitution and laws, one will loses his party membership soon after he obtains membership of another political party.

...



# 71% cultivated land damaged in 2023–24 Maha season

*2024-04-22 14:02:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/71-cultivated-land-damaged-in-202324-Maha-season/108-281158)

Colombo, April 22 (Daily Mirror) - The Agriculture Department revealed today that 71 percent of the total cultivated land, other than paddy cultivation, was damaged in the 2023–24 Maha season due to heavy rains and floods.

Accordingly, a total of 68,131 hectares of land cultivated with vegetables and other crops have been destroyed in the country during 2023–24 due to the heavy rains and floods.

In addition, 100,000 hectares of paddy fields cultivated during the Maha season during the same period were also damaged due to heavy rains and floods.

...



# Foxhill Disaster: Explanation for 2 Drivers

*2024-04-22 13:43:22*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/Foxhill-அனர்த்தம்-2-சாரதிகளுக்கு-விளக்கமறியல்/175-336186)

Bandarawela Magistrate Antony Serpel Falll, on Monday (22), has ordered the two motorists arrested on suspicion of the "Foxhill Super Cross Race" car accident at Diyathalawa Nariyakanda until the 30th of this month.

Ranjith Uditha (36) from Mathaparai, Mathaparai, who competed under the Diyathalawa Naryakanda Foxhill Motor Racing, and AM Dillan Sanjeeva (47) from Peradeniya, who competed under the Racing number of Racing Counts..

...



# Sri Lanka president to contest election under independent party symbol: UNP

*2024-04-22 13:36:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-president-to-contest-election-under-independent-party-symbol-unp-159680/)

ECONOMYNEXT — Sri Lanka President Ranil Wickremesinghe will be next to an independent symbol on the ballot paper, according to United National Party (UNP) general secretary Palitha Range Bandara.

Bandara told reporters that the ruling Sri Lanka Podujana Peramuna (SLPP) will have its symbol, the lotus bud, on the ballot if the party decides to contest.

He was responding to a question about a comment SLPP parliamentarian Namal Rajapaksa had made that the lotus bud would definitely appear on the ballot paper no matter what.

...



# ‘Fox Hill’ crash: Organisers evade responsibility, blame shifted to spectators

*2024-04-22 13:34:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98774/fox-hill-crash-organisers-evade-responsibility-blame-shifted-to-spectators)

The organisers of the ‘Fox Hill Super Cross 2024’ motorsport racing event claim that they had assured the safety of the spectators at the event and that yesterday’s tragic accident was caused by the carelessness of the spectators themselves.

Speaking during a press conference held today (22), regarding the horror crash which resulted the death of 07 individuals and left 23 others injured during a racing event, the organisers of the event said that safe areas which are elevated from the tracks had been established for the spectators.

...



# Today's currency exchange rate

*2024-04-22 13:29:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181659)

The US dollar purchasing price was Rs 297.0024 and the sales price were Rs 306.4586 based on the Central Bank's currency exchange rate on Monday (April 22).



# In the spring of Nuwara Eliya

*2024-04-22 13:26:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181650)

In Nuwara Eliya, the shopkeepers and the public are constantly demanding that the authorities or responsible people take appropriate action regarding the temporary shop, the shopkeepers, the infants, the boys, the boys and the folders.

In April, the public and tourists are constantly accused of increasing the risk of women who sell Yasagas and Urupathi, especially in April, and are constantly trying to sell jewelery as they sell.

...



# Explanation for two including Ulappana Sumangala Thera!

*2024-04-22 13:24:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181658)

Two persons, including the Coordinator of the Teacher and Chancellor Trade Union Federation, Ulappana Sumangala Thera have been interrogated.

They have been arrested and interrogated on charges of disrupting the removal of cottage houses on a court order.

The Magistrate's Court has ordered the two men, including Ulappana Sumangala Thera, when the case came up for hearing at the Pudukkadai No. 3 Magistrate's Court today (22).



# World Earth Day today!

*2024-04-22 13:16:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181649)

World Earth Day is celebrated on April 22 every year to maintain environmental protection and the stability of the Earth by countries around the world.

The theme of World Earth Day this year is "plastic against Earth".

This theme is highlighted by plastic pollution and its adverse effects.



# An order preventing 112 luxury cars

*2024-04-22 13:13:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195863)

The Colombo Magistrate Court today (22) ordered the Commander's Commissioner General of Motor Traffic today (22).

The order has been issued by the Chief Magistrate Thilina Gamage of Colombo after considering a request made by the Bribery Commission.



# Sri Lanka rupee quoted in spot-next dollar market after pressure

*2024-04-22 13:07:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-rupee-quoted-in-spot-next-dollar-market-after-pressure-159678/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka’s rupee was quoted at 302.20/30 to the US dollar in the spot next (spot plus one day) market after the stop opened tentatively at 302.00/75 levels, dealers said.

There were one or two sporadic deals at 302.00 to the US dollar, but the spot market was not very active in early trade, dealers said.

Market participants are recovering from a heavy dose of moral suasion last week, after the rupee came under upward pressure from an ‘oversold position’.

Sri Lanka’s central bank collected 715 million dollars from the interbank market in March, three times the around 200 million it collected in the previous two months.

...



# Ralking Party for elections in Maldives

*2024-04-22 13:04:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195862)

The present President Mohammed Mischu, the party, was able to achieve a significant victory in the general election held yesterday (21).

Accordingly, the National Congress of Museu's Muizu, a public national congress, has already won 66 seats.

The election was held to select MPs for 93 seats in Parliament.

There are about 280,000 people who have eligible to vote for the election.



# Wijayadasa's name to the Election Commission

*2024-04-22 13:02:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195861)

The party's Maithri has said that the name of Minister Dr. Wijayadasa Rajapakse was appointed as the SLFP acting chairman.

Accordingly, the Elections Secretariat will be informed of the name of the Executive Council of Wijayadasa and the Executive Council of Wijayadasa and the Executive Council.

The Sri Lanka Freedom Party (SLFP) summarizes the Sri Lanka Freedom Party (SLFP) executive meeting was convened at a hotel in Ethul Kotte yesterday (21).

Minister of Justice Dr. Wijayadasa Rajapaksa also attended the executive council meeting.

He was appointed as the Acting Chairman of the Sri Lanka Freedom Party.

...



# Van accident that sued the school girl

*2024-04-22 12:48:39*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/පාසල්-සිසුවියට-දිවි-අහිමිකළ-වෑන්-රථ-අනතුර/11-409204)

A schoolgirl was killed in a van crash in general area Kantale Police Division yesterday (21st), police said.

The deceased has been identified as JMJ, a resident of the four king Rajamale unit of Kantale. Hasidi Prabodani Jayasinghe has appeared to the GCE A / L examination at the Kantale Central College, Kantale Central College.

Police say that the van that returned to his home from a cousin to his home, the police say that the van will be a tree. Suspect driven by Headquarters OIC Chief Inspector Sasanka Samarasinghe on the instructions of the vehicleHe was arrested by the husband.

...



# Ramayana trail will be game changer for Sri Lanka tourism: Indian envoy

*2024-04-22 12:43:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/ramayana-trail-will-be-game-changer-for-sri-lanka-tourism-indian-envoy-159670/)

ECONOMYNEXT – The establishment of Ramayana trial which includes a land bridge between Sri Lanka and India will be a “game changer” for the island nation’s tourism industry, Indian High Commissioner for Colombo Santosh Jha said.

Sri Lanka has seen a spike in tourist arrivals from India in its recovery from an unprecedented economic crisis.

The island nation has renewed efforts to establish of Ramayana Trails, which includes all the places believed to be associated with Ramayana.

...



# Sri Lanka Freedom Party has had to import acting chairman: Dayasiri

*2024-04-22 12:43:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-freedom-party-has-had-to-import-acting-chairman-dayasiri-159668/)

ECONOMYNEXT — The crisis in Sri Lanka Freedom Party (SLFP) is so severe that it has had to import an acting chairman from a different party, ousted SLFP general secretary Dayasiri Jayasekara said.

Speaking at an event, Jayasekara lamented the state of the once-powerful party.

“I’m still a member of the SLFP. I was removed illegally. Today the SLFP is facing a number of crises. All of these crises began after my removal. There were no such crises when I was there,” he said.

...



# Iran's President arrives on 24

*2024-04-22 12:42:19*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/ඉරාන-ජනපති-24-දා-එයි/11-409203)

Iranian President Irabhim Reli is due to arrive in the island on the 24th of the Uma Oya Multipurpose Development Project.

During the visit, the President of Iranian President Ranil Wickremesinghe and the top government representatives of the government are also conducting talks.

The President's visit to the Iranian visit to Sri Lanka in uncertainty due to the Cold War between Iran and Asrash.



# Victims of horror crash during ‘Fox Hill Super Cross’ identified

*2024-04-22 12:41:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98773/victims-of-horror-crash-during-fox-hill-super-cross-identified-)

Seven persons including a child were killed while 23 others were injured following a tragic accident during the “Fox Hill Super Cross 2024” racing event held in Diyatalawa on Sunday (21).

Among the deceased were four officials of the racing event who were stationed as flag marshals. The other victims were civilians who were spectators of the event, as reported by the police.

- Muththusamy Udayakumar, 55 years old, a resident of Welimada

- Aruna Shantha Upaligamage, 62 years old, a resident of Matara

...



# Two Foxhill drivers remanded

*2024-04-22 12:36:07*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/ෆොක්ස්හිල්-රියදුරන්-දෙදෙනා-රිමාන්ඩ්/11-409202)

Bandarawela Magistrate Antony S.Pteri Fall set up the two cars of the Diyatalawa foxh.

Reserved Diyatalawa Nureakanda, who contested the Foxhill Motor Tract and competed in the Fix, and 196 (47), a resident of Madathawa Madanda, Matara and Madathawa Makanda, Peradeniya, Peradeniya (47)The two.

The two cars were taken into custody by the Diyatalawa Niana, Diyatalawa Niana and was seriously injured and admitted to the Diyatalawa Base Hospital and Badulla Teaching Hospital.

Hospital sources said that some of these are critical.

...



# Two including Ven. Ulugata Thera remanded

*2024-04-22 12:33:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195860)

Convener of the Teacher Principals, Ven.

It is reported that they have been remanded for objection to the removal of several shanty houses on court order.

Ven.

The Magistrate ordered the Magistrate to remand custody.



# More than 25 lakhs were thrown in the van to the van

*2024-04-22 12:29:46*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/වැඩි-පරිස්සමට-වෑන්-රථයේ-දමාගෙන-ගිය-ලක්ෂ-25ක්-රන්-භාණ්ඩ-සොරාගෙන/11-409201)

Kaduwela Police say that there was a stock of jewelery worth more than Rs.

Two tasters, 2 tasels, 2 necklaces, 2 garments, 2 necklaces, 2 necklaces

Veterinary Master of his wife had returned to a cousin in Horana, a daughter of Weliwita in the Weliwita area in Kaduwela.

Police investigations have revealed that when the two enemies arrived at home, police investigations have revealed that they had been thrown into the handbag without wear gold and wear gold.

...



# Lyrid meteor shower visible tonight

*2024-04-22 12:21:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Lyrid-meteor-shower-visible-tonight/108-281156)

Colombo, April 22 (Daily Mirror) - The annual Lyrid meteor shower will be visible to Sri Lanka tonight in the western sky, Space Scientist and Engineer Gihan Weerasekera said.

It can be seen along with the star pattern called Veena. At least 20 meteors per hour are expected to be visible to the naked eye.

The Lyrids meteor shower lasts from about April 15 to April 29 each year.

The meteor shower will reach its maximum in the morning tomorrow, but it will be difficult to see because of the full moon.

...



# Two including Ven. Ulapane Sumangala Thero remanded

*2024-04-22 12:19:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98772/two-including-ven-ulapane-sumangala-thero-remanded)

The convenor of the Teacher-Principal Trade Union Alliance, Ven. Ulapane Sumangala Thero, and another person have been remanded until April 26.

This order has been issued by the Hulftsdorp Magistrate’s Court for their attempted disturbance against implementing a court order, Ada Derana reporter said.



# Rice to eat to school children is out of quality

*2024-04-22 12:14:32*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/පාසල්-සිසුන්ට-කන්න-දීමට-තිබූ-සහල්-ප්‍රමිතියෙන්-තොරයි/11-409200)

Schools in order to distribute the iron deficiency in the island of 1-5 lakhs of 1-5 million primary children in 1-5 million primary children in the island, the Food Commissioner's Department recognized to be inappropriate for human consumptionPresident of the Sri Lanka Public General Inspector Association Upul Rohana stated today (22).

The Veyyangoda Public Inspectors had gone to the scene yesterday (21) after the recommendation that human consumption was recommended to the Analyst was recommended by the report, which was recommended that human consumption was inappropriate.Mentioned.

...



# Motorists arrested in Diyatalawa race

*2024-04-22 12:09:17*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/දියතලාවේ-ධාවන-තරගයේ-අනතුරට-ලක්වූ--මෝටර්-රථ-රියදුරන්-අත්අඩංගුවට/11-409199)

Two motor racing competitors have been arrested in connection with the accident in the Diyatalawa race yesterday.

The suspects were arrested in the suspect, a 47-year-old resident of the Makanda area in Peradeniya, police said.

A car was accidental during the motor racing. One person who is receiving treatment at the Diyatalawa Hospital is currently receiving treatment at the intensive hosting unit, the Sri Lanka Army said.

According to the Army, the Sri Lanka Army will conduct an internal investigation by using the current videos and photos of the accident.



# MPs are confused by the opposition as they have received money

*2024-04-22 12:02:41*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/எம்-பிக்கள்-பணம்-பெற்றதால்-எதிர்க்கட்சிக்குள்-குழப்பம்/175-336181)

Our brother -in -law Daily Mirror reports that many of the main opposition United People's Power (SJB) and many MPs have received Rs 50 million each from the government's decentralized budget without the consent of the party leadership.

In the past, governments have been allocating funds for MPs in the opposition to implement their preferred development plans in their constituencies. However, these allocations have not been made for the past five years, but the funds for the same purpose have been provided through the District Coordinating Committees at that time.

...



# Indian SC allows termination of nearly 30-week pregnancy for 14-year-old rape survivor

*2024-04-22 11:58:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Indian-SC-allows-termination-of-nearly-30-week-pregnancy-for-14-year-old-rape-survivor/108-281155)

New Delhi, April 22 (Indian Express) - The Supreme Court Monday permitted the medical termination of a nearly 30-week pregnancy of a 14-year-old rape survivor, setting aside the Bombay High Court order declining the minor’s mother’s plea in the case.

“We will allow the medical termination since she is 14 and it is rape case and this is an exceptional case,” the Chief Justice of India D Y Chandrachud was quoted as saying by Bar and Bench.

...



# Malwathu met the Asgiri Mahanayaka Thera and received the blessing of the President

*2024-04-22 11:57:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181645)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe met the Maha Nayaka Thera of the Malwathu and Asgiri Peethas on Sunday (21) afternoon.

President Ranil Wickremesinghe, who first visited the Malwattu Maha Vihara, was also involved in a minor discussion after receiving the blessings of Sri Sumangala Maha Nayaka Thera, Malwathu Peeta Maha Nayaka, Tippattuvawe.

The meeting was attended by the Malwathu Peeta Anunayaka Vanam, Thimbulkumbure Wimalathama Thera and he recited and blessed the president.

President Ranil Wickremesinghe, who visited the Asgiri Maha Vihara, met with Sri Gnanaradana Thera, Asgiri Peeta Mahanayaka Varakagoda.

...



# Bore. Demonstration protests against shrimp farm in Vaharai area

*2024-04-22 11:50:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181642)

A protest demonstration was held in front of the Vakarai Divisional Secretariat on Monday (22) by the villagers and civil organizations, protesting against the shrimp farming in Vaharai and urging the entire ban on the excavation of the Ilmanite.

The people were protesting against the destruction of natural resources and the permanent prohibition of the projects and the permanent ban on the entrance of the Divisional Secretariat.

At the same time, the Divisional Secretary, who arrived at the scene, promised that he would not grant any new permission for shrimp farm and Ilmanite excavation and would no longer be granted.

...



# Rice stocks for school meals program found to be substandard, PHIs allege

*2024-04-22 11:47:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98771/rice-stocks-for-school-meals-program-found-to-be-substandard-phis-allege)

The stocks of rice stored in a government warehouse in the Veyangoda area, which was to be used in the meals program for schoolchildren, have been found to be substandard, the Public Health Inspectors’ Union alleges.President of the association, Upul Rohana stated that the relevant rice stocks have become unfit for consumption due to insect damage.

It was reported that the rice stocks in question were set to be used in the school meals program implemented in collaboration with the World Food Programme (WFP), to provide free nutritious lunches for schoolchildren.

...



# Drivers of two racing cars involved in ‘Fox Hill’ crash remanded

*2024-04-22 11:45:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98770/drivers-of-two-racing-cars-involved-in-fox-hill-crash-remanded)

The two drivers of the racing cars involved in yesterday’s tragic accident at the Fox Hill Super Cross races in Diyatalawa, who were arrested while undergoing treatment in hospital, have been remanded until April 30.

This order has been issued by Bandarawela Magistrate’s Court, Ada Derana reporter said.



# Foxhill Motor Racing Disaster: Two arrested

*2024-04-22 11:44:11*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/Foxhill-மோட்டார்-பந்தய-அனர்த்தம்-இருவர்-கைது/175-336179)

Diyatalawa police said that seven people were killed and 2 21 injured were arrested on Monday (22).

A 36 -year -old man from Hittiya, Matara, who competed under the Foxhill Motor Racing Racing No. 5. He is being treated at the resource hospital, police said.

Five years after the Easter attack took place, the foxhil motor race was held yesterday (21) in Diyathalawa, Naryakande.

Seven people were killed when a car crashed away from the track during the race, and when two cars competing on the road collided with a heavy dust.. The 8 -year -old girl died and 21 people were seriously injured, police said.



# Husband

*2024-04-22 11:40:03*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/மனைவியுடன்-மட்டும்-தாம்பத்தியம்-கொள்ள-முடியாத-கணவர்/175-336178)

The court has ordered a divorce to a young couple as her husband has said that she is not married to his wife. The incident took place in Mumbai.

A 26 -year -old woman from Maratha State filed a petition in a family court last February demanding divorce. In the petition, she claimed that she was married in March 2023 and had split her husband in just 17 days.

The woman also stated in her petition that her husband has refused to engage in a relationship with her. The woman said that her husband had no relationship with her and that both physically and mentally could not unite.

...



# Drivers of two racing cars

*2024-04-22 11:39:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181633)

Two drivers of the race cars have been arrested for receiving treatment at the hospital in Diyathalawa yesterday (21st) afternoon, the police media unit said.

The court has ordered the drivers of the two arrested cars to be remanded until the 30th of this month.

This year's "Box Hill" Car Bandi Tournament will be held on Sunday (22) at the Car Pandiyadalawa in Badulla.

In the meantime, an unexpected racing carriage crashed into the race.

The 8 -year -old girl, 4 competitors and two visitors have died, police said.

...



# An sensitive note about the victims of the dreadful accident of Diyatalawa

*2024-04-22 11:33:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195859)

Seven including a small girl, including a small girl, lost their lives yesterday (21).

Four Assistants of the race were losing their lives and the funerals were also visiting the tourist.

Sivivukana, a resident of Welimada, a 55-year-old resident of the Mutthasami Udayakumara, a 55 year old resident of the Mutthizami Udayakumar, the 20-year-old resident of Akuressa, a resident of Akuressa, and 60 year old residents of Akuressa, a 60 year old residents of Akuressa.Ganesh Jayawardena was lost here.

Meanwhile, a 32-year-old Rasxe Abeynayake, a 32-year-old Rugby Team, is a member of the Sri Lanka Army Rugby.

...



# US, Sri Lanka navies to conduct CARAT 2024 exercise in Trincomalee

*2024-04-22 11:32:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/us-sri-lanka-navies-to-conduct-carat-2024-exercise-in-trincomalee-159665/)

ECONOMYNEXT — The United States Navy, US Marine Corps, and Sri Lanka Navy will partner for the Cooperation Afloat Readiness and Training (CARAT) Sri Lanka 2024 exercise from April 22-26 in Trincomalee, the US embassy said.

CARAT Sri Lanka will feature the expertise of the US Fleet Anti-Terrorism Security Team (FAST), a US Marine Corps unit specialised in security and anti-terrorism for naval assets, engaging alongside their Sri Lanka Navy Marine counterparts on a full spectrum of naval capabilities, the embassy said in a statement on Monday April 22.

...



# Four people arrested in search of tiger gold

*2024-04-22 11:30:49*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/புலி-தங்கம்-தேடிய-நால்வர்-கைது/175-336176)

Four persons, including a navy person and a police sergeant, have been arrested on suspicion of dug up money and gold jewelery, allegedly buried by the LTTE at the Chilawathurai police station.

Four persons, including Navy soldier and police sergeant of the Criminal Investigation Division (CID), belonging to the Anuradhapura Police Division, have been arrested by the Navy.

The vehicle, which was parked near where the suspects had arrived, was seized by the police for further investigations.

...



# Two racing drivers arrested over Fox Hill tragedy

*2024-04-22 11:30:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/top-story/Two-racing-drivers-arrested-over-Fox-Hill-tragedy/155-281154)

Diyathalawa, April 22 (Daily Mirror)- Two racing drivers who participated in yesterday's Fox Hill Super Cross 2024 racing event have been arrested by the police over the accident which killed seven people.

The arrested are a 36-year-old racer from Matara and 47-year-old from Mahakanda, Peradeniya.

They have also sustained injuries due to the accident and are under treatment at the Diyathalawa Hospital under police security.

Seven individuals including an eight-year-old child were killed and 20 others hospitalized with injuries when two racing cars lost control and collided with a group of spectators.



# Two racing drivers arrested over Fox Hill tragedy

*2024-04-22 11:30:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Two-racing-drivers-arrested-over-Fox-Hill-tragedy/108-281154)

Diyathalawa, April 22 (Daily Mirror)- Two racing drivers who participated in yesterday's Fox Hill Super Cross 2024 racing event have been arrested by the police over the accident which killed seven people.

The arrested are a 36-year-old racer from Matara and 47-year-old from Mahakanda, Peradeniya.

They have also sustained injuries due to the accident and are under treatment at the Diyathalawa Hospital under police security.

Seven individuals including an eight-year-old child were killed and 20 others hospitalized with injuries when two racing cars lost control and collided with a group of spectators.



# The Church is going to the UN for international investigation

*2024-04-22 11:29:04*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/திருச்சபை-சர்வதேச-விசாரணைக்காக-ஐ-நாவுக்கு-செல்லவுள்ளது/175-336175)

The Catholic Church is planning to present a proposal at the United Nations Human Rights Council (UNHRC) with the aim of providing justice to victims of those attacks through several foreign governments and international organizations to launch an international investigation into the Easter Sunday terrorist attacks.

Archbishop of Colombo Cardinal Malcolm Ranjith made this statement yesterday to the BBC Sinhala Service to mark the fifth anniversary of terrorist attacks on April 21, 2019.

He accused the past and current governments of failing to express their conspiracy or brainwashing behind the attacks, despite the five years.

...



# My Hell at Myanmar's Cyber Slave Camp

*2024-04-22 11:27:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181641)

Ravi traveled to Thailand with the hope that he and his wife would have a better future.

However, the 24 -year -old man from Sri Lanka was dumped in the Myanmar forest and was tortured to refuse to deceive the rich men by romance.

They put my clothes naked and to be in the radiation and gave my feet a shock to torture. I thought I would die.

He also refused to submit to them for 16 days and I was in a prisoner.

But there were worse incidents -he said, "They brought two women and raped my eyes in front of my eyes."

When they saw it, he feared what they would do to me, and that I was skeptical that I was alive.

...



# Iran says 'Israel carried out' is not an attack;Review as a child's game

*2024-04-22 11:19:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181636)

Iran has criticized Israel's alleged retaliation against Iran as a 'attack'. The Iranian Foreign Minister has said that it is like a children's game.

Israeli's attack on the Iranian consultant in Syria was killed in the last day of Israel, including Iranian military officers.

In response to the attack, Iran launched about 300 unmanned aircraft and missiles on Israel on the 13th and 14th of last month.. Israel reported that 99 percent of these were shot and Israel had minor damage.

...



# 32 crores allocated to President Ranil for 6 MPs of the United People's Power

*2024-04-22 11:19:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181638)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe's special announcement has been allocated to six United People's Power MPs with proposals for financial development activities for more than 32 crore rupees.

In addition to the proposals proposed by the District Coordinating Committee for Regional Development Plans from the budget of 2024, the President has issued a directive to issue a quota for implementing the development project proposals submitted by the President directly to the President.



# Transport Minister announces that train services are constantly running at a loss

*2024-04-22 11:17:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181635)

Transport Minister Bandula Gunawardena has said that there is a need to get a loan for rail maintenance work. The Minister also said that the train service is continuously running at a loss.

He was speaking at an event in Kegalle.

He added that 500 buses have been purchased under the Indian Loan Scheme to go to the school and the hospital on roads without buses.

He also said that steps are being taken to convert the Kelani railway line from Avissawella to Colombo as an electric railway line.



# Astrologer Chandrasiri Bandara has passed away

*2024-04-22 11:11:30*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/ஜோதிடர்-சந்திரசிறி-பண்டார-காலமானார்/175-336172)

Astrologer Chandrasiri was receiving treatment at the Bandara private hospital.



# Increase in pain

*2024-04-22 11:10:41*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/வேதன-அதிகரிப்பை-மேற்கொள்ளவும்/175-336171)

Parliamentarian Vadivel Suresh urged President Ranil Wickremesinghe to take action to put pressure on plantation companies and take steps to pay for the labor of plantation workers.

He appealed for the above while participating in a national event to provide rice to low -income families organized at the Ambakastova Ground in Uva Paranagama.

...



# Transport Minister reveals burden of Sri Lanka Railways, loans essential for maintenance

*2024-04-22 11:10:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98769/transport-minister-reveals-burden-of-sri-lanka-railways-loans-essential-for-maintenance)

Minister of Transport Bandula Gunawardena stated that loans are now required even for the maintenance of railways.

Joining an event held in Kegalle, Gunawardena mentioned that the Sri Lanka Railways is making losses continuously.

The Transport Minister disclosed that Sri Lanka has recently borrowed 500 buses from India under the Indian credit line aimed at facilitating transportation to schools and hospitals in remote areas. He also emphasized that without resorting to loans, the state-owned Sri Lanka Transport Board (SLTB) would struggle to acquire buses.

...



# 176 lakh income of the Zoo Department

*2024-04-22 11:08:46*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/අවුරුදු-දින-තුනේදි-සත්වෝද්‍යාන-දෙපාර්තමේන්තුවට-ලක්ෂ-176ක-ආදායමක්/11-409198)

Deputy Director of the ZooCana Department said that the zoos and coding centers have earnled the earliest Rs.

Large number of parents and foreign tourists, including large schools and foreign tourists, including large schools and many foreign tourists, including large schools, and other schools, including large schools in Dehiwala and Pinnapatha, and Large school children, including large schools in Dehiwala and Pinigawala.Deputy Director added that the attraction of viewers has been due to the infrastructure of the infrastructure.

According to the Pinnawala Zoo, Rs.Ms. Dinuia Manawada says.



# The death of a student who runs beyond the village

*2024-04-22 11:03:49*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/கிராமம்-தாண்டி-ஓடிய-மாணவன்-மரணம்/175-336168)

A 17-year-old athlete who was participating in the village of Marathon (Marathon), organized on the 21st of last month for the Tamil-Sinhala New Year, died suddenly and died, Kirulla police said.

The school student has died. He is a student who is preparing for the GCE Ordinary Level Examination to be held next month.

Some people who went to see the New Year's Eve, fell on the street about 500 meters, about 500 meters.. Oh, it is known that it fell unconscious during the dwarf.



# About 25,000 people do not attend military service over 5 years!

*2024-04-22 10:55:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181631)

According to military sources, about 25,000 people have not joined the military service over the past five years and they have gone to holiday.

At the same time, it has been revealed that the majority of those who have been used as gunmen and motorcycle drivers in the past and the Southern Provinces have been reported to be a military personnel without any announcement.

At this juncture, the military and other soldiers are currently launching awareness lectures regarding the underworld and their presence.



# Notice of US citizenship

*2024-04-22 10:45:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195858)

US citizenship has been given US citizenship for nearly 66,000 Indian citizens.

According to an American Community Survey Data report, the information has been revealed.

Accordingly, 65,960 Indians were officially in US citizens.

එම වර්ෂයේ දී මිලියන 46ක විදේශිකයන් පිරිසක් එක්සත් ජනපදයේ වාසය කර ඇති බව ඇස්තමේන්තු කර ඇති අතර එය මිලියන 333 ක් වූ සමස්ත එක්සත් ජනපද ජනගහනයෙන් 14 %ක් වන බව වාර්තා වේ.



# Catholic Church to go to UNHRC seeking international probe

*2024-04-22 10:40:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Catholic-Church-to-go-to-UNHRC-seeking-international-probe/108-281151)

Colombo, April 22 (Daily Mirror)- The Catholic Church is planning to present a proposal to the United Nations Human Rights Council (UNHRC) through several foreign governments and international organizations to initiate an international investigation into the Easter Sunday terrorist attacks with a view to mete out justice to the victims of those attacks.

Archbishop of Colombo, His Eminence Cardinal Malcolm Ranjith revealed this to the BBC Sinhala Service yesterday in a statement marking the fifth anniversary of the terrorist attacks which took place on April 21, 2019.

...



# Astrologer Chandrasiri Bandara passes away

*2024-04-22 10:37:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98768/astrologer-chandrasiri-bandara-passes-away)

Veteran Astrologer Chandrasiri Bandara has passed away this morning (22), while receiving treatment at a private hospital, family sources confirmed.



# 50 bodies recovery inside Gaza Nasser Hospital

*2024-04-22 10:36:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181628)

Health workers have said that the bodies of more than 50 people killed by Israeli soldiers have been recovered in the Nasser Medical Building.

Health workers have said that more than 50 bodies were recovered by Israeli soldiers.

The Civil Defense Organization has informed AVP that the bodies were recovered in the Nasser Hospital.

Civil Defense Agency spokesman Mahmood Basel said that the bodies of more than 50 martyrs were shocked yesterday.

We continue to engage in the search operation.



# A person who was drowned in Ranagala Falls

*2024-04-22 10:34:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181622)

Madugama police said that one of the drowns in the Madugama and Rannagala Falls died after being drowned.

The accident occurred while drinking with friends at Rannakala Falls on Horana Road, which belongs to the Matugama Police Division. Police said Ibrahim Sabarullah, 62, from Sirimavo Bandaranaike Mawatha, Sirimavo.



# Chinese President Mohammed Mohammed Muiz's party victory in the Maldivian parliamentary election

*2024-04-22 10:34:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181627)

The election was held on Sunday (22) to elect members to the 20th Parliament of the Maldives.

In this election. The party has won more seats and captured majority seats. The party has won about 66 seats. This is a two -thirds share in Parliament.



# Chandrasiri Bandara will be passed away

*2024-04-22 10:30:29*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/ජෝතිර්වේදී-චන්ද්‍රසිරි-බණ්ඩාර-අභාවප්‍රුාප්ත-වෙයි/11-409197)

Chandrasiri Bandara has passed away this morning (22) morning.

He has been killed after the slight signs of the minority while at home.



# Chandrasiri Bandara passes away

*2024-04-22 10:30:29*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/ජෝතිර්වේදී-චන්ද්‍රසිරි-බණ්ඩාර-අභාවප්‍රාප්ත-වෙයි/11-409197)

Chandrasiri Bandara has passed away this morning (22) morning.

He has been killed after the slight signs of the minority while at home.



# We start attacks on US sites - Iraq

*2024-04-22 10:18:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181624)

An armed group in Iraq has said that there will be rocket attacks on the US base in Syria, while the attack on sites in Iraq will be resumed.

சிரியாவின் வடகிழக்கில் உள்ள அமெரிக்காவின் தளமொன்றின் மீது ஈராக்கின் ஜூமார் நகரிலிருந்து தாக்குதல் மேற்கொள்ளப்பட்டுள்ளதாக கார்டியன் தெரிவித்துள்ளது.

In February, Iraqi groups stopped attacks on US bases.

The announcement was made the following day the Iraqi Prime Minister met with the US diplomatic secretary to the United States.

Iraq's Hetaik Hesbullah Organization has said that it has decided to re -attack US soldiers from Iraq during the negotiations.

...



# A tour of the train falls out of the train

*2024-04-22 10:11:42*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/පොඩි-මැණිකේ-දුම්රියෙන්-සංචාරිකාවක්-ඇඳ-වැටෙයි/11-409196)

The Haputale Police said that a visitor of the train traveling from Colombo Fort to Badulla and was admitted to the Badulla Teaching Hospital with serious injuries.

The injured were a foreign tourist woman named Mary Coroli (35).

The police said that when the train was hit by the train with his friend, police said.

The foreign tourist woman was admitted to the Diyatalawa Base Hospital and was admitted to the Badulla Teaching Hospital for further treatment.

Officers of Haputale OIC Chief Inspector Sepala Ratnayake and other officials are conducting further investigations.



# The train maintenance and a headache to the government

*2024-04-22 10:11:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195857)

Minister of Transport Bandula Gunawardena says that the need for borrowing is the need for even the maintenance work.



# Iran's President visits Pakistan, Sri Lanka

*2024-04-22 10:04:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181620)

Iran's President will visit Islamabad on Monday (22) following the official invitation of the Pakistan president.

During this visit, Ibrahim Raisi aims to strengthen bilateral relations between the two countries.

Following the official invitation of President Ranil Wickremesinghe, Raisi, who has completed his visit to Pakistan, will make a one -day visit to Sri Lanka.

The highlight of his visit to Sri Lanka is to participate in the inauguration of the Uma Oya Multipurpose Project with the President of Sri Lanka.



# Drivers of two racing cars involved in ‘Fox Hill’ crash arrested

*2024-04-22 10:02:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98767/drivers-of-two-racing-cars-involved-in-fox-hill-crash-arrested-)

The two drivers of the racing cars involved in yesterday’s tragic accident at the Fox Hill Super Cross races in Diyatalawa have been arrested while undergoing treatment in hospital, the Police Media Division said.

Seven persons were killed while 23 others were injured following an accident during the “Fox Hill Super Cross 2024” racing event held in Diyatalawa on Sunday (21).

...



# 2024 Budget fails to reach income target

*2024-04-22 09:55:09*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/2024-பட்ஜெட்-வருமான-இலக்கை-எட்டத்-தவறும்/175-336162)

The recently published '2024 budget report' is expected to reach the 33rd consecutive year in 2024, Sri Lanka will fail to reach the GDP.

The budget report is compiled by the Verite Research Company every year and is published in Publicfinance.lk, Sri Lanka's primary platform for economic information.

...



# More attention to Sigiriya and Dambulla

*2024-04-22 09:48:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195856)

Urban Development and Housing Minister Prasanna Ranatunga has instructed the relevant officials to end before the third quarter of this year as Sigiriya and Dambulla Tourism Zones.

The Finance Ministry has also appointed a committee to facilitate the facilities of providing urban facilities of the project.

Minister Prasanna Ranatunga says the project is implemented under the Urban Development and the Susar Urban Development Project.

The total estimated cost is US $ 30 million and the project is implemented with the assistance of the Asian Development Bank.

...



# Diyathalawa horrific accident - Motor drivers arrested

*2024-04-22 09:27:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195855)

Two car drivers have been arrested in connection with the accident in Diyatalawa Fox Hill Motor race.

The police have arrested the police while they were injured in the accident.



# The famous Sinhala astrologer has passed away

*2024-04-22 09:25:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181615)

Famous Sinhala astrologer Chandrasiri Bandara passed away this morning (22).

His family said he died after being treated at a private hospital.



# Chandrasiri Bandara passes away in Vetevana Yorchar

*2024-04-22 08:53:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195854)

Chandrasiri Bandara has passed away in the Vetevor Yorchain today (22) morning.

He was also killed while he was receiving treatment at a private hospital.



# Astrologer Chandrasiri Bandara passess away

*2024-04-22 08:50:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Astrologer-Chandrasiri-Bandara-passess-away/108-281132)

Colombo, April 22 (Daily Mirror) - Astrologer Chandrasiri Bandara has passed away this morning while undergoing treatment in a private hospital, family members said.

They said Bandara was 63 years old at the time of his death.



# The president's foreign trips are coming to the congregation

*2024-04-22 08:41:28*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/ஜனாதிபதியின்-வெளிநாட்டு-பயணங்கள்-சபைக்கு-வருகின்றது/175-336161)

The parliamentary agenda, which is scheduled to take place tomorrow (24th), is about the government's expenses for foreign trips that will be attended by President Ranil Wickremesinghe as President.

The foreign trips that the president has participated so far has been questioned about foreign leaders who have met every trip.

In addition, they have been asked about diplomatic agreements and agreement with them.

Also, the delegation who participated with the president on every overseas trip is requested to pay separately and the amount spent on it.

...



# The president's foreign travel details come

*2024-04-22 08:41:28*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/ஜனாதிபதியின்-வெளிநாட்டு-பயண-விபரங்கள்-வருகின்றன/175-336161)

The parliamentary agenda, which is scheduled to take place tomorrow (24th), is about the government's expenses for foreign trips that will be attended by President Ranil Wickremesinghe as President.

The foreign trips that the president has participated so far has been questioned about foreign leaders who have met every trip.

In addition, they have been asked about diplomatic agreements and agreement with them.

Also, the delegation who participated with the president on every overseas trip is requested to pay separately and the amount spent on it.

...



# Showers around the country after 2 p.m

*2024-04-22 08:39:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Showers-around-the-country-after-2-p-m/108-281128)

Colombo, April 22 (Daily Mirror) - Showers will occur in the Western, Sabaragamuwa, Central and North-Western Provinces and in the Galle, Matara and Anuradhapura districts after 2.00 p.m, the forecasting division of the National Meteorological Centre said.

They said showers or thundershowers may occur at a few places in the Uva and Northern Provinces and in the Polonnaruwa district during the afternoon or night.

Meanwhile, showers will occur in the western coastal areas during the morning too.

Misty conditions can be expected at some places in the Sabaragamuwa, Central and Uva Provinces and in the Ampara district during the morning.



# Showers across the country after 2 p.m

*2024-04-22 08:39:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Showers-across-the-country-after-2-p-m/108-281128)

Colombo, April 22 (Daily Mirror) - Showers will occur in the Western, Sabaragamuwa, Central and North-Western Provinces and in the Galle, Matara and Anuradhapura districts after 2.00 p.m, the forecasting division of the National Meteorological Centre said.

They said showers or thundershowers may occur at a few places in the Uva and Northern Provinces and in the Polonnaruwa district during the afternoon or night.

Meanwhile, showers will occur in the western coastal areas during the morning too.

Misty conditions can be expected at some places in the Sabaragamuwa, Central and Uva Provinces and in the Ampara district during the morning.



# Lock for liquor schools

*2024-04-22 08:27:22*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/மதுபானசாலைகளுக்கு-பூட்டு/175-336160)

Also, the Vesak Week has been declared as a week from May 21 to 27, and the liquor schools will be closed on the 22nd, 23rd and 24th of the month of the Vesak festival.. Remble



# Sri Lanka expects to finish Adani wind power price talks by May

*2024-04-22 08:18:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-expects-to-finish-adani-wind-power-price-talks-by-may-159641/)

ECONOMYNEXT- Sri Lanka hopes to conclude hopes to conclude price negotiations for the wind power plant by India’s Adani group by May, Minister of Power and Energy, Kanchana Wijesekara said.

A Cabinet Appointed Procurement Committee and Technical Evaluation Committee are working on the matter.

“There are certain parameters that they are negotiating,” he told reporters in Colombo.

“But I am hopeful that there will be a decision by the Cabinet Appointed Procurement Committee and the TEC and with the Adani group. May be by May we hope to conclude the negotiations.”

...



# No one is ready to pass anyone

*2024-04-22 08:16:57*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/யாரையும்-கடந்து-செல்ல-தயாரில்லை/175-336159)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe said the government would not pass or abandon anyone in a program to strengthen the country's economy and people.

The President said this at the inauguration of the 2024 National Program to provide relief for low -income families held at the Welimada Ambakastova Public Stadium yesterday.

Under this program, 2.74 million families that receive low -income families, including the entire country, will be provided with ten kg of rice per month for two months.

...



# Sri Lanka and US to conduct Naval exercises in Trinco

*2024-04-22 08:12:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98766/sri-lanka-and-us-to-conduct-naval-exercises-in-trinco)

The United States Navy, U.S. Marine Corps, and Sri Lanka Navy will partner for the Cooperation Afloat Readiness and Training (CARAT) Sri Lanka 2024 exercise from April 22-26 in Trincomalee.

CARAT Sri Lanka will feature the expertise of the U.S. Fleet Anti-Terrorism Security Team (FAST), a U.S. Marine Corps unit specialized in security and anti-terrorism for naval assets, engaging alongside their Sri Lanka Navy Marine counterparts on a full spectrum of naval capabilities, the US Embassy in Colombo said.

...



# Fire fire in Pannipitiya

*2024-04-22 08:12:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195853)

The wooden mill has been completely destroyed by a fire caused to a wooden mill in Liyanigoda, Pannipitiya.



# Showers expected in several provinces and districts

*2024-04-22 08:05:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98765/showers-expected-in-several-provinces-and-districts)

The Meteorology Department says showers or thundershowers will occur at several places in Western, Sabaragamuwa, Central and North-western provinces and in Galle, Matara and Anuradhapura districts after 2.00 p.m.

Showers or thundershowers may occur at a few places in Uva and Northern provinces and in Polonnaruwa district during the afternoon or night.

Showers or thundershowers will occur in the western coastal areas during the morning too, it said.

Misty conditions can be expected at some places in Sabaragamuwa, Central and Uva provinces and in Ampara district during the morning.

...

