# #SriLanka :sri_lanka: News Bulletin

<div id="news_lk_bulletin">

*Updated* **2024-03-29 20:02:07**

1. **The Development Lotteries Board (DLB) recorded its highest-ever profit of Rs. 3.6 billion in 2023**, with a significant portion going to the President’s Fund. This marked a significant milestone as the DLB recorded a profit margin of 32% for the fiscal year 2022-2023, double the previous year’s figure [** adaderanalk**].

2. **A new online reporting system for child sexual abuse was launched under the leadership of President Ranil Wickremesinghe**, aimed at swiftly removing any harmful content from the Internet. This initiative is implemented by the National Child Protection Authority (NCPA) in collaboration with the Internet Watch Foundation and sponsored by Save the Children & Child Fund [** dailymirrorlk**].

3. **The Development Lotteries Board will introduce lottery tickets via digital technology**, aiming to provide consumers in the country with a novel experience and to boost the prize money for both regular and newly introduced special lottery tickets [** economynextcom**].

4. **A British tourist, staying at a hotel in Rittandeniya, Alawathugoda, allegedly made a false complaint about cash and belongings being stolen and is said to have fled from the hotel upon realizing that the police suspected the authenticity of the complaint** [** dailymirrorlk**].

5. **The Colombo Chief Magistrate ordered to release former Convenor of Inter University Bhikku Federation (IUBF) Ven. Galwewa Siridhamma Thera from a case filed for allegedly committing offences under the Prevention of Terrorism Act (PTA) during the Aragalaya protests in 2022**, considering the insufficient evidence against the suspect for charges under the PTA [** dailymirrorlk**].

6. **A police sergeant was sentenced to four years' imprisonment for accepting a bribe of Rs. 500 from a three-wheeler driver to avoid legal action over a traffic offence**, as per the Commission to Investigate Allegations of Bribery or Corruption [** dailymirrorlk**].

7. **The Maligakanda Magistrate’s Court has ordered former President Maithripala Sirisena to make a statement in court on 04 April on his recent comments over the Easter Sunday bomb attacks**, following a request made by the Criminal Investigations Department (CID) [** adaderanalk**].

8. **China’s Sinopec plans to start work on a refinery in Sri Lanka by June**, advancing a project earmarked as the biggest investment in the crisis-hit island nation. The new refinery is to be established in Hambantota [** adaderanalk**].

9. **A group of students of a school in Kalutara area have been hospitalized due to a serious illness that occurred after a vaccine**, with 10 students hospitalized. The students, aged 12 and 13 years old, experienced fainting and respiratory discomfort [** adaderanasinhalalk**].

10. **Heavy traffic was reported on the High-Level Road due to a broken branch of the ‘Bo’ tree at Wattegedara in Maharagama falling on the road**, causing traffic congestion in the area [** adaderanalk**].

</div>

[Previous](data) Bulletins

## Methodology

This bulletin has been autogenerated by OpenAI's [gpt-4-0125-preview](https://platform.openai.com/docs/models/gpt-4-and-gpt-4-turbo) model, with the following prompt:

*Extract objective facts from this set of news articles, that might be of practical use to ordinary Sri Lankans,and present as 10 detailed bullets. EXCLUDE news not directly relevant to Sri Lanka. DO NOT duplicate repeat news articles. EXCLUDE political opinions/statements by politicians. EXCLUDE marketing/propaganda. DO mention the name of the source, as "[newspaper]". EMPHASIZE named entities and statistics in bold.*

## Source News

Based on **182** News Articles, from the last **26** hours.

# President Ranil advocates for keeping politics and sports separate

*2024-03-29 19:18:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98293/president-ranil-advocates-for-keeping-politics-and-sports-separate)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe expressed his aspirations for Sri Lanka to reclaim its position as the champion of cricket, highlighting the government’s commitment to providing all necessary support to achieve this goal.

Speaking at the 125th anniversary celebration of the Sinhalese Sports Club (SSC) at the Shangri-La Hotel Colombo yesterday (28), the President emphasized the importance of maintaining a separation between politics and sports. He suggested that preventing politicians from assuming high positions in sports clubs could contribute to a healthier sporting environment.

...



# Sri Lanka is to be a leader in cricket again - President

*2024-03-29 19:11:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195080)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe said that Sri Lanka is a leading leader in cricket again and that the government will contribute to the government.

The President also said that he believed that if the President could avoid delivering the high positions of sports clubs in the sports clubs.

President Ranil Wickremesinghe was speaking to the 125th Anniversary of the Sinhala sports club (SSC) held in Colombo yesterday.

The 125 year history of the Sinhala sports club was also launched.

President Ranil Wickremesinghe assessed SSS players who led the SSS of the Sri Lanka SC at the international cricket at the international cricket.

...



# Jacob suffers to Zumara accident

*2024-03-29 18:37:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195079)

South African President Jacob Zuma has been in accident.

The accident had occurred when a drunk driver collided with the former president's car, but he had no accident.

Senior Agents Senior Representatives have been accused of working as a result of the accident.

The 81-year-old Jackan Sama of South African president from 2009 to 2018, the 81-year-old Jacob Zuma had announced that he could not contest the next general election.



# If the general election is held, no party will get a majority -UNP Deputy Leader Ruwan Wijewarden

*2024-03-29 18:29:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179983)

If the general election is held in the country's current state, no party will get a majority. In the event of such a situation, the country will again fall economically and the political stability in the country. UNP Deputy Leader Ruwan Wijewardena said that it is appropriate to hold the presidential election in the beginning.

He was speaking to the media after receiving the blessings of the Malwathu and Asgiri Mahanayaka Thera on Friday (29).

...



# Cocoa prices rise to fresh records: Will we run out of chocolate?

*2024-03-29 18:24:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98292/cocoa-prices-rise-to-fresh-records-will-we-run-out-of-chocolate)

Cocoa prices briefly surged to all-time highs on Tuesday, touching over $10,000 (€9,234.3) per ton, before settling back at $9,622 per ton on Wednesday morning, following disappointing harvests in key cocoa-producing countries such as Ghana and Ivory Coast. Cameroon, another cocoa-producing nation, has also been seeing much of the same conditions.

The crop also saw a 19.8% gain in the past week, as well as a 42.4% rise this month. In the past year, cocoa prices have jumped about 231%.

...



# Special Commodity Levy to be scrapped from next year: Siyambalapitiya

*2024-03-29 18:14:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Special-Commodity-Levy-to-be-scrapped-from-next-year-Siyambalapitiya/108-279836)

Colombo, March 29 (Daily Mirror)- The Special Commodity Levy that was imposed to protect the local famers and producers will be scrapped from January, next year and a new tax system based on seasons will be introduced, State Minister of Finance Ranjith Siyambalapitiya said today.

The Minister said a new tax based on seasons will be introduced to protect the local farmers and producers from next year.

He said the seasonal tax which is connected to the Customs duty will be introduced after identifying the period when the local produce come to the market just as in other developed countries.

...



# Gnanasara Thera suddenly admitted to the Prison Hospital

*2024-03-29 18:07:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179981)

The Secretary General of the Ravana Balaya Organization, Ilkande Sattadissa Thera, said that the 4 -year -old imprisonment was admitted to the Prison Hospital due to Sukhavana.

He added that Gnanasara Thera had previously been admitted to the Prison Hospital due to illness.

Meanwhile, Galagoda Ate Gnanasara Thera has appealed against the sentence given by the Colombo High Court.

The Colombo High Court has sentenced Galagoda Ate Gnanasara Thera to four years rigorous imprisonment.

It is noteworthy that this punishment has been sentenced to the discredit of Islam.



# Special trade tax deletion;When do you know?

*2024-03-29 17:30:01*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/விசேட-வர்த்தக-வரி-நீக்கம்-எப்போது-தெரியுமா/175-335343)

Finance Minister Ranjith Siyambalapitiya has said that the Cabinet has accepted the idea of removing the special trade tax from January next year.

The Minister of State made this statement while addressing the media in Ruwanwella area this morning.

He pointed out that the decision was made after the import and export taxes were simplified, and that the new tax would be introduced to protect the local manufacturer and protect consumers.



# Gnanasara Thera suddenly admitted to the hospital

*2024-03-29 17:22:54*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/ஞானசார-தேரர்-திடீரென-வைத்தியசாலையில்-அனுமதி/175-335342)

It is reported that Galagoda Ate Gnanasara Thera, who was sentenced to 4 years in prison, has been admitted to the Prison Hospital due to Sukavanam.

The Secretary General of the Ravana Balaya Organization, who came to visit Gnanasara Thera, said this.

Gnanasara Thera had previously been suffered from the condition of the disease and was sent to the Prison Hospital for treatment.. Remble



# Two prisoners escape from Anuradhapura open prison

*2024-03-29 17:03:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Two-prisoners-escape-from-Anuradhapura-open-prison/108-279835)

Anuradhapura, march 29 (daily Mirror)- Two inmates detained in the Anuradhapura open prison escaped this afternoon, sources said.

One of them is from Shravastipura and the other from the Kelaniya area. They had been detailed to work in the public canteen at Jayanthi Mawatha in the open prison camp.

However, they had changed their clothes and fled from the prison camp.

Anuradhapura police and the prison officials have initiated investigations to track down the two prison escapees.



# Gnanasara Thera to be arrested

*2024-03-29 17:02:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195078)

Ven. Galagodaatte Gnanasara Thera has admitted to the Prison Hospital due to illness.

Ravana Balaya Organization, General Secretary of the Ravana Balaya, Ven.

Sadhetissa Thera said that Gnanasara Thera had been sick and he was referred to the Prison Hospital for treatment.

Meanwhile, Sadhetissa Thera said that the Colombo High Court appealed to Ven. Galagodaatte Gnanasara Thera.

"He is really not wrong for us. But we don't know how society is. Because we respect the law, we accept anything by law. "



# Tourist passenger recovery

*2024-03-29 17:02:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179975)

An Indian tourist who fell into a ditch from Ehela Kanuwa on Friday (29) from Ehela Kanuwa has been rescued by the Maskeliya Police Special Task Force.

A 25 -year -old tourist who was traveling from Maharashtra State Mumbai in India was climbing the Shivanoli road from the Ratnapura area at 5.00 am today.

In this case, the Udamaluwa Police Station has received a first aid treatment for a special task force who rushed to the scene and rescued the tourist.

Maskeliya Police Special Task Force Police Officer 76216 Padmasiri, Police Officer 99695 Pradeesh and Police Officer 102687 Ajith have been rescued.



# For Ramadan Festival...

*2024-03-29 16:57:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/caption-story/For-Ramadan-Festival/110-279834)

During this Ramadan festival, along with experiencing the vibrant culture and traditional crafts of Pakistan, the trade fair ’’Ramadan Festival’’ will be held at the Excitation Ground at Baladaksha Mawatha, Colombo, where textiles, home appliances and food items will be available. It will be held from noon to midnight till March 31. Pix by Kithsiri De Mel



# Solution based on 13th Amendment to Ethnic Problem - Allocation for Free Education - Land Rights of Upcountry People

*2024-03-29 16:52:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179977)

Professor Arjuna Parakrama presented a number of conditions in Colombo, including the March 12 Movement in Colombo, including that the politicians who are contesting the elections in Sri Lanka should seek a full permanent solution to the national ethnic problem, especially the 13th Amendment - the security forces in the North and East should hand over the lands of civilians in the North East.

He said this while addressing the March 12 movement in Colombo to unite for the pure politics of March 12 to establish a clean political culture.

...



# Sri Lankan delegation attends Assembly of Inter-Parliamentary Union in Geneva

*2024-03-29 16:46:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98291/sri-lankan-delegation-attends-assembly-of-inter-parliamentary-union-in-geneva-)

A delegation of the Parliament of Sri Lanka led by the Speaker Mahinda Yapa Abeywardena attended the 148th Assembly of Inter-Parliamentary Union held in Geneva from 23-27 March.

The delegation comprised MPs Ranjith Madduma Bandara, Ashok Abeysinghe, Sumith Udukumbura, Manjula Dissanayake, as well as Secretary General of Parliament Kushani Rohanadeera.

...



# Intense responses from Russia

*2024-03-29 16:44:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195077)

Tjikizan has arrest others regarding the terrorist attack on the Moscow in Moscow, Russia.

The International Media was arrested by the National Security Committee of the National Security Committee.

Those people are also involved in the IIQ Organization.

They were arrested in Vakadu, Vajikistan, Ven.

About 143 people were killed in the attack on Friday evening.

Four Sunday was arrested on the terrorist attack on Crocas town and the terrorists, Russia said that they were shooters.

The Russian authorities who claim to be punished for all attacks have been expanded into other suspects.



# Taliban's control against women

*2024-03-29 16:16:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195075)

The Taliban administration of Afghanistan has decided to restore the punishment of committing adultery in publicity.

According to foreign media reports, Taliban's supremacy leader Mullah Hihikulata has issued an official statement.

The Taliban's supreme leader has said that the Taliban is not only due to the administration of Afghanistan.

After the acquisition of Afghanistan in 2021, women were restricted to women, including educational, jobs.

The United Nations has also shown that the conditions of women and girls in Afghanistan are very bad.



# MI skipper Pandya shoves off Malinga after losing to SRH, netizens slam his behaviour

*2024-03-29 16:14:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/MI-skipper-Pandya-shoves-off-Malinga-after-losing-to-SRH-netizens-slam-his-behaviour/108-279833)

Mar. 29 (FPJ) - Hardik Pandya received a hostile reception from the crowd in Ahmedabad and Hyderabad as he was booed during the toss and also subjected to jeers throughout the match.

Mumbai Indians skipper Hardik Pandya has been in the news for all the wrong reasons ever since the start of the team's campaign in the Indian Premier League (IPL) 2024. Pandya faced a backlash from MI fans for replacing Rohit Sharma as a captain.

Does Hardik Pandya kicked Lasith Malinga? His hands, face reaction same story.

Not a good way to treat legend like Lasith Malinga. #HardikPandya #SRHvMI pic.twitter.com/Yg5a5hNRTE

...



# Sri Lanka president must priortise debt restructuring, stability over Rajpaksas: Patali

*2024-03-29 16:08:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-president-must-priortise-debt-restructuring-stability-over-rajpaksas-patali-156581/)

ECONOMYNEXT — President Ranil Wickremesinghe must decide between sending the Rajapaksas back to parliament and restructuring debt by June to stabilise the country for the next decade, opposition MP Patali Champika Ranawaka said.

Speaking to reporters, Ranawaka said Basil Rajapaksa, the ideologue of the ruling Sri Lanka Podujana Peramuna (SLPP), is well aware that his party cannot come into power through the presidential due to be held between September 17 and October 17 this year.

...



# Foreigner injured after falling down precipice while climbing Sri Pada

*2024-03-29 16:03:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98290/foreigner-injured-after-falling-down-precipice-while-climbing-sri-pada)

A foreigner sustained injuries after falling down 100 metres off the side railings along the Ratnapura - Sri Pada road in the Ehelakanuwa area.

The officers of Police Special Task Force (STF) in Maskeliya have rescued the Indian national and rushed him to the hospital.

The 25-year-old has been identified as Bharath Chandradas, a resident of Mumbai in the Indian state of Maharashtra.

The injured person has been traveling from Ratnapura to Sri Pada with another group of pilgrims when the accident occurred at around 4.45 a.m. this morning (29), the police said.

...



# Cinnamon’s Colombo-focused tourism to bring high-end tourists to Sri Lanka

*2024-03-29 16:00:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/cinnamons-colombo-focused-tourism-to-bring-high-end-tourists-to-sri-lanka-156565/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka’s Cinnamon Grand Colombo is introducing curated eco excursions of Colombo, which seeks to reposition the city as more than just a transit destination to international travellers, and bring in high-spending tourists to the country.

“The more discerning traveler is looking for these niche-experiences and they are willing to pay an additional amount for this,” Area Vice President and General Manager of Cinnamon Grand Colombo, Kamal Munasinghe told EconomyNext.

...



# Two prisoners escaped at the Anuradhapura Open Prison

*2024-03-29 15:55:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179973)

Two prisoners at the Anuradhapura Open Prison escaped today (29).

The two prisoners have been working at the Prison Cross, which opened for the audience.

It is reported that the two have fled their dresses after weeding their uniforms.

Anuradhapura Police and Prison officials have taken action to arrest the two escaped.

One of the prisoners who fled is from Sravastipuri in Anuradhapura and the other prisoner belonged to Kelaniya.



# Sinhalese people should understand that economic growth is only possible by devolution - political activist Rajiv Khan

*2024-03-29 15:40:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179972)

Political activist Rajkumar Rajeevkan has appealed to the Sinhalese people to understand that economic growth is possible only if the devolution is done properly.

He said this while addressing the March 12 movement for the pure politics of the March 12 to establish a clean political culture in Colombo.

People from the state have long been looking for a need for a pure future.

Although Sri Lanka has suffered economic setbacks for many years, the worst blow in 2022 was the 2022 economic problem, but it was not simply in 2022.

Even though some say that we have reached the recovery later, we have not reached the real recovery.

...



# UN top court orders Israel to open more land crossings for aid into Gaza

*2024-03-29 15:38:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98289/un-top-court-orders-israel-to-open-more-land-crossings-for-aid-into-gaza)

The top United Nations court on Thursday ordered Israel to take measures to improve the humanitarian situation in Gaza, including opening more land crossings to allow food, water, fuel and other supplies into the war-ravaged enclave.

The International Court of Justice issued two new so-called provisional measures in a case brought by South Africa accusing Israel of acts of genocide in its military campaign launched after the Oct. 7 attacks by Hamas. Israel denies it is committing genocide and accused South Africa of trying to ‘undermine Israel’s inherent right and obligation to defend its citizens.’

...



# World chaklet industry at strict risk

*2024-03-29 15:29:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195074)

The proportion of chocolate increasing the demand for chocolate is due to the failure of suppliers to continue the supply of cachbo.

About 90 percent of the world's cocoa seed cultivation occurring within less land sizes.

About 75 percent of the world's total cocoa production provides the countries of Ivory Coast, Alnaroon, and Nigeria.

Millions of people in West Africa view cocoa production as the only way to get rid of poverty.

However, the cocoa manufacturing of the world has been consected for three years.

Experts are posted on the fourth year of cocoa for the fourth year of cocoa.

...



# The new refinery in Hambantota is negotiating with the government

*2024-03-29 15:29:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179970)

Sinobek has explained to the government on the progress of negotiations with shareholders to construct a new refinery in Hambantota.

The matter was held at a meeting held on Thursday (18) between the officials of the Sinobac Foreign Investment Institute and the Minister of Power and Power and Power Kanjana Wijeshekara on Thursday (18).

Officials pointed out that the administration of Sinobek has decided to double the efficiency of the original proposal and investment.

They will sign the contracts for the project and begin work by June. Discussions have also been discussed on water supply, electricity and land allocation.



# Sri Lanka’s voters will be overjoyed by NPP govt’s first cabinet decision: ex MP

*2024-03-29 15:20:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lankas-voters-will-be-overjoyed-by-npp-govts-first-cabinet-decision-ex-mp-156578/)

ECONOMYNEXT — Sri Lanka’s voters watching the evening news on the first day of a National People’s Power (NPP) government will be overjoyed to the point of dropping their dinner upon hearing the first ever cabinet decision of the new government, a spokesman said.

Former parliamentarian and NPP executive member Samatnha Vidyaratne told a crowd of supporters that the first decision taken at an NPP government’s inaugural cabinet meeting will be to suspend pensions and official residences given to former presidents.

...



# Chinese car that challenges Tesla

*2024-03-29 15:20:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195073)

The electronic cars of China in China have begun orders.

The model of the car has been mentioned as $ 29,872 (Yuan 215,900).

Critics say that the demand for electrical cars in the world market was reduced to the market.

It preserves the match for the price of the price in the market.

Tesla has issued a similar electronic car to the Chinese market, which is the price of 245,000 yuc.



# Tourist rescued after falling down Sri Pada precipice

*2024-03-29 15:14:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Tourist-rescued-after-falling-down-Sri-Pada-precipice/108-279832)

Ratnapura, March 29 (Daily Mirror)- An Indian tourist who fell down a more than 100 metre precipice at the Ehela Kanuwa, Ratnapura-Sri Pada route in the early hours of this morning was rescued by a team from the Maskeliya Police Special Task Force (STF) camp.

Police said the tourist Bharath Chandradas (25) from Mumbai Maharastra had been trekking to Sri Pada along the Ratnapura route with several others when he fell off the protective fence down the precipice at about 5.00 am today.

On information from the Udamaluwa police post, the STF rushed to the scene and rescued the tourist and provided first aid.

...



# The struggle of clothing factory staff in Nuwara Eliya continues as the third day

*2024-03-29 14:40:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179969)

Employees working at the private garment factory in Hawa Eliya area on the Nuwara Eliya -Udappusallawa main road have continued to protest and continue the protest from Wednesday (27) to Friday (29).

There are over 900 employees at the garment factory. They are engaged in the protest, urging them to provide additional payments to them annually.

Since the second day, the employees have been protesting, chanting slogans, carrying anti -verses, sitting on the main street.

...



# Two inmates at A’pura open prison camp escape

*2024-03-29 14:39:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98288/two-inmates-at-apura-open-prison-camp-escape)

Two inmates held at the open Prison Camp in Anuradhapura have escaped the facility on Friday afternoon (29). According to sources, the duo had been working at the prison canteen open for visitors.

Reportedly, the duo had discarded their prison uniforms and donned civilian clothing to escape.

Anuradhapura police and prison officials have launched a joint operation to apprehend the two escapees.

It is understood that one inmate was originally from Sravasthipura in Anuradhapura and the other, from Kelaniya.



# 2,535 Teachers' Assistant appointments for estate estates

*2024-03-29 14:32:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195072)

Minister of Education Susil Premajayantha says that the gazette notification is expected to be recruited to the call for 2,535 teachers' support for estate schools within the next few weeks.

The Minister said that the public will be recruited and paid to schools by the coming May.

The Minister said that a large number of teachers in estate schools is still available and the students who are eligible to meet the graduates in the Uva and Central provinces..

...



# 186 arrested in the underworld group

*2024-03-29 14:23:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179967)

A total of 186 people have been arrested in connection with the underworld gang in the special test rounds of the largest number of drug traders and distribution traders nationwide.

The suspects have been arrested during a special roundup, which was carried out from March 19 to 28.

In the meantime, 10 suspects in connection with the underworld groups have been arrested by the police during yesterday's rounds of raids.

Meanwhile, more than 10 crore assets of the underworld group have been seized by the police illegal assets.

Illegal assets include 2 boats, three -wheelers, motorcycles and land, police said.

...



# Police confiscate vehicles, property worth over Rs. 110 mn

*2024-03-29 14:22:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Police-confiscate-vehicles-property-worth-over-Rs-110-mn/108-279829)

Colombo, March 29 (Daily Mirror)- A fleet of vehicles and property worth over Rs. 110 million have been confiscated by the Police Illegal Assets and Property Investigation Unit today.

Police said a freezer truck, two motorbikes, two three-wheelers, a van, a backhoe and three fishing trawlers are among the vehicles that were confiscated.

The vehicles and property had been taken into custody on January 21, 26 and March 27.

They were confiscated under Clause 7(01) of the Money Laundering Act.



# Police confiscate vehicles, property worth over Rs. 1,100 mn

*2024-03-29 14:22:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Police-confiscate-vehicles-property-worth-over-Rs-1-100-mn/108-279829)

Colombo, March 29 (Daily Mirror)- A fleet of vehicles and property worth over Rs. 1,100 million have been confiscated by the Police Illegal Assets and Property Investigation Unit today.

Police said a freezer truck, two motorbikes, two three-wheelers, a van, a backhoe and three fishing trawlers are among the vehicles that were confiscated.

The vehicles and property had been taken into custody on January 21, 26 and March 27.

They were confiscated under Clause 7(01) of the Money Laundering Act.



# Two prisoners in Anuradhapura prison

*2024-03-29 14:21:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195071)

Two prisoners served at the cafeteria opened at the Anuradhapura Prison have fled the area today (29).

The suspect is residents of Sravasthipura area in Anuradhapura and the other suspect in the Kelaniya.

It is reported that the two prison clothes were removed and other clothes were pulled.

It is reported that the Anuradhapura Prison officers and the police have launched an operation in search of prisoners.



# The foreigner who was married to Sirippa

*2024-03-29 14:02:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195070)

In the Ratnapura-Sri Pada, Sri Pada Road, a collaborative person has fallen into the precipice.

Maskeliya Police Special Task Force has taken steps to rescue and hospitalized the foreigner.

The injured were a 25 year old youth, a resident of Maumbai, Jarzhtra, India.

The victim was traveling to the Sri Pada Udamuel along the Ratnapura-Sri Pada road today (29) at around 4.45 am today.

Accordingly, officials of the Police Add Statistic Officers who were immediately implemented by the police office officials, the young man who had taken an induced the precipitate.

Nallathaniya police station and the casual was taken to the Nalluthaniya.



# In the political arena, South Asian women face similar hurdles

*2024-03-29 14:00:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/in-the-political-arena-south-asian-women-face-similar-hurdles-156527/)

ECONOMYNEXT – In South Asia, women face similar hurdles when breaking into the male-dominated political arena, a webinar on Empowering Voices: Exploring the Political Landscape for Women in South Asia heard.

Across the region, more often than not, women are nominated to fill a seat falling vacant by the death of a male family member, as the party leadership made up of men is confident of winning on the ‘sympathy vote,’ or simply to fill a quota, and not for their qualifications and capabilities.

...



# New Electricity Reforms Bill to be gazetted in 2 weeks

*2024-03-29 13:59:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98287/new-electricity-reforms-bill-to-be-gazetted-in-2-weeks)

The new Bill on electricity sector reforms will be gazetted in the next two weeks, Minister of Power and Energy Kanchana Wijesekera said.

Subsequently, the new bill will be presented to the Parliament during the last week of April, according to the Minister.

Taking to X (formerly Twitter) to announce this, Wijesekera stated that after reviewing, the certification to proceed with the new draft bill was issued by the Attorney General last Monday.

...



# Give police information on 119, 118 and 1927

*2024-03-29 13:39:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195069)

Today, the Memorial of the phase of the crushing and the crucifixion of Jesus Christ is today (29).

Inspector General of Police (IGP) has instructed the OICs of the OICs to provide special police protection for the churches of the churches in Grinder and Easter.

2,978 Christian churches throughout the country will be held at 2,230 temples and protection to the police, the STF and the Armed Forces.

A total of 6,837 police officers, 464 Police STF officers and 2,882 armed forces personnel have been deployed.

Police Media Spokesman, DIG's Court Attorney Nihal Talduuwa said. If you do a special notice, please contact 119, 118 and 1927. "



# Future Harvest Expo 2024

*2024-03-29 13:28:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/caption-story/Future-Harvest-Expo-2024/110-279827)

Future Harvest - EXPO 2024 exhibition was hosted at the Bandaranaike Memorial International Conference Hall (BMICH) today. Pix by Kithsiri de Mel



# Underworld's re-seized

*2024-03-29 13:17:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195068)

The property has been taken into custody over Rs.

The police said that two multi-day fishing vessels, three-month-old fishing vessels, three-wheeler, motorbikes and land.



# 500 rupees bribed police sergeant jailed

*2024-03-29 13:14:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179964)

A police sergeant who bribed 500 rupees has been sentenced to four years in prison.

According to the Commission to Investigate Bribery and Corruption, the police officer has been sentenced to the Chief Magistrate's Court of Colombo.

The three -wheeler driver is reportedly bribed by the police sergeant 500 rupees to avoid filing legal action on traffic violation.

Based on the announcement of the Deputy Inspector General of Police, the investigation was launched and the case was filed with four charges.

...



# Sri Lanka president to be common, independent candidate at poll: UNP

*2024-03-29 13:06:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-president-to-be-common-independent-candidate-at-poll-unp-156562/)

ECONOMYNEXT — President Ranil Wickremesinghe will contest Sri Lanka’s upcoming presidential election as an independent candidate backed by a broad alliance, according to Labour Minister Manusha Nanayakkara.

The minister said speaking at an event that Wickremesinghe’s candidacy will be a neutral one not representing any one party.

“President Wickremesinghe will contest as an independent national candidate on a common platform where people representing all parties, ethnicities and religions as well as people with diverse views can come together, and once again become president of this country,” said Nanayakkara.

...



# A foreigner falls to a lord 100m precipice

*2024-03-29 13:05:11*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/ඇහැලකණුවේ-මීටර්-100ක-ප්‍රපාතයකට-විදේශිකයෙකු-ඇදවැටෙයි/11-408845)

The Maskeliya Police Special Task Force officials have taken steps to hospital with the rescue of a 100-memory surface in Ehethakanda, Ratnapura.

The injured were a 25-resident of Mumbai, India.

The youth was with the Sri Lankan Sri Pada road along the Sri Lankan Sri Paharawarda along the Sri Pada road.

Police Special Task Force officials were rescued by the officers of the Police Special Task Force officials, who were immediately rescued by the police staff officials.

The Nallathaniya has been taken to take up the Nallathaniya police station and hospitalized with the casualty to the Nalluthaniya with the casualties.



# Under the CID of PHI

*2024-03-29 12:56:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195067)

Police say that a pHI official is receiving some information regarding the killing of shot in Elpitiya.

Deputy Inspector General of Police, Spokesperson Leaving Nihal Talduuwa said that the information is being established.

He said the investigating crimes have been handed over to the Department of Investigations.

Treasurer Roshara of the Sri Lanka Public Health Inspectors Association was shot dead on the 26th of February.

Investigators also found a CCTV footage in a motorcycle with a motorcycle.

...



# Former South African president Zuma prohibits contesting elections

*2024-03-29 12:42:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179962)

The Elections Commission has banned South Africa's former President Jacob Zuma from contesting the upcoming general election.

The cause of this restriction is not made public. However, the committee said it was accepted by the objections put forward against his contest.

It is thought that the area was deleted in 2021 due to corruption allegations.

Suma (81) can appeal against the ban on April 2.

Jacob Zuma, who has been the president since 2009, has been forced to resign in 2018 due to corruption allegations.

South Africa's parliamentary general election will be held on May 29.



# Rs. 100mn worth of assets owned by underworld figures confiscated

*2024-03-29 12:36:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98286/rs-100mn-worth-of-assets-owned-by-underworld-figures-confiscated)

Assets worth more than Rs. 100 million – including multi-day fishing craft, three-wheelers, motorcycles and plots of land – owned by underworld figures have been confiscated, the police said.

These assets were impounded by the Illegal Assets and Properties Investigation Division of Sri Lanka Police in Galle, Ambalangoda, and Ahungalla, under the ongoing ‘Yukthiya’ operation.

This special island-wide operation was launched in December 2023 to crack down on drug peddling and organized crimes in the country.

10. IMUL-A-0810-GLE fishing vessel under production – Rs. 5.2 million (paid for production)

...



# Rs. 100mn worth of assets owned by underworld figures seized

*2024-03-29 12:36:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98286/rs-100mn-worth-of-assets-owned-by-underworld-figures-seized)

Assets worth more than Rs. 100 million – including two multi-day fishing craft, three-wheelers, motorcycles and plots of land – owned by underworld figures have been confiscated.

These assets were impounded by the Illegal Assets and Properties Investigation Division of Sri Lanka Police in Galle, Ambalangoda, and Ahungalla, under the ongoing ‘Yukthiya’ operation.

Police launched the special island-wide operation in December 2023 to crack down on drug peddling and organized crimes in the country.



# A Gaza A famine

*2024-03-29 12:26:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195066)

The main Court has ordered Israel that the Gaza should be allowed to provide assistance to the Gaza to prevent famine to prevent a gaze.

The order has been issued as a unanimous decision by the International Court of Hague.

The order should be allowed to allow Israel to receive basic services and humanitarian aid gasas without delay.

The order had been issued after the warnings of a famine in Gaza within a few weeks.

But Israel said that he would refuse the accusations that prevent them from supporting the Gaza.



# Bus accident in South Africa

*2024-03-29 12:25:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179945)

45 people were killed and one of the victims of a Chennai bus accident in the northern province of South Africa, Limbobo, said the Department of Transport on Thursday (28).

A bus carrying a group of pilgrims from Botswana to Moria in Botswana in South Africa

The bus lost control of the driver on the Mamatlagala mountain pass and collapsed in a nearby valley.

45 people died on the spot. Fortunately, Limbobo's Transport and Social Security Department said that only an 8 -year -old girl survived and is being treated at a nearby hospital.

...



# Facts about the survival Sunday attack will only reveal when the system changes - Gamini Fernando

*2024-03-29 12:22:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179961)

Former President Gotabhaya Rajapaksa is the main obstacle to the discovery of matters behind the survival Sunday attack, said Catholic Church spokesman Aruttantha Cyril Gamini Fernando.

He noted that Gotabhaya Rajapaksa's first action after the president after the death of a Sunday attack was an act of investigating the truth of the residents of the residents.

Commenting on the former President Maithripala Sirisena's comment on what he knows is that the resurrection is the mastermind.

He said that the Shani Abhayasekera -led Commission should be re -appointed and an international investigation should be held.

...



# Bunker demand surges in Sri Lankan ports as India grapples with supply shortages

*2024-03-29 12:18:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98285/bunker-demand-surges-in-sri-lankan-ports-as-india-grapples-with-supply-shortages)

In the wake of vessel re-routings aimed at avoiding the Red Sea, bunker demand across ports in both India and Sri Lanka has witnessed a significant surge, highlighting a growing challenge for the maritime industry. While India contends with supply shortages, Sri Lankan ports are experiencing a notable increase in activity.

...



# Sri Lanka PA

*2024-03-29 12:09:49*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/பிளவை-நோக்கிச்-செல்லும்-ஸ்ரீலங்கா-பொதுஜனபெரமுன/175-335341)

The Sri Lankan PA has been in a state of disrepair due to the firmness of the party and other parties that the party should field a candidate in the presidential election and other parties to support President Ranil Wickremesinghe.

The party in favor of the Rajapaksa family of the Sri Lanka PA has said that the party should stop its own candidate and contest the election.

The comment has been made at the meeting of the party's executive committee - however, the party has not yet been seriously investigated as the election date has not been announced.

...



# Be careful with people;Do not click on links shared on social media

*2024-03-29 12:09:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179956)

The Sri Lanka System Emergency Ready Committee (SLCERT) has asked the people not to click on the links shared on social media, claiming that gifts will be provided using popular trade names and their trade stamps.

Senior Information Safety Engineer of the Sri Lanka Computer Emergency Division, Saruka Tamunubola said,

The links are shared with SMS, WhatsApp, X (Twitter) and a call from Facebook and handheld phone.

So if these links come up, first confirm their credibility before clicking. You can come from your friends circle like this.

Click on these links shared on some social media can be stolen.

...



# Good Friday!

*2024-03-29 12:08:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/caption-story/Good-Friday/110-279825)

The Wellapalliya parish of Elakanda Watthala Christians are seen carrying the cross in their traditional way to mark the Good Friday in which Christians commemorate the death of Jesus Christ who was crucified at Calvary 2024 years ago. Pix by Pradeep Pathirana



# Railway service delayed on coastal route - Railway Department

*2024-03-29 12:04:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179960)

The Railway Department said that there is a delay in the train service today, tomorrow and tomorrow.

Railway Deputy General Manager NJ Indipolake said that this is due to the revision work being carried out near the Bambalapitiya Puri Station.

Due to this, the Deputy General Manager said that railway traffic from Colombo to Wellawatte will be carried out in the same way and sometimes the rail services may be canceled.



# Two students are admitted to the hospital

*2024-03-29 12:02:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179955)

Two students who have been cut off bamboo trees have been hit by the mother of the mother of the Annual Home Sports Competition at a Deniyaya Divisional School.

The game was due to take place on Thursday (28) yesterday (28th).

In addition, electricity has been hit by the burning of the miraculous power lines that were mounted on a massive dielectric near the bamboo trees.

Students who have been affected by the electrical impact have been admitted to the Deniyaya Primary Hospital and one of them will be transferred to the Matara Hospital.



# Sri Lanka needs to cultivate entrepreneurial spirit in schools: Minister

*2024-03-29 12:00:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-needs-to-cultivate-entreprenurial-spirit-in-schools-minister-156538/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Fostering an entrepreneurial environment within schools will nurture individuals to become successful entrepreneurs, Small and Medium Enterprises Development State Minister has said.

“Cultivating an entrepreneurial atmosphere within schools greatly aids in fostering future entrepreneurs,” Prasanna Ranaweera said. “This initiative is pivotal in laying the foundation for a robust manufacturing economy within the country.”

Ranaweera said that the Sri Lanka Institute of Textile and Apparel had recently awarded diploma course certificates to nearly 500 students.

...



# Mahabage's shotgun that has led to Hellma

*2024-03-29 11:48:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195065)

Police Media Spokesperson DIG Thameda says that investigations are being conducted to identify the suspects to shoot at a house in Mahabage, Mahabage, Mahabage, Maturagala.

A man was struggled with a gunman from a motorbike with the gunman and the bridge of the firearm had fallen to the ground and the gunman's head cover was raped.

The upset shooter said that the shooter had fled the center from the area.

Attorney official said, Attorney-Nihal Talduwa said that the suspects would be identified using CCTV scenes in the area.

...



# Special Commodity Levy Act to be suspended from Jan. 2025

*2024-03-29 11:45:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98282/special-commodity-levy-act-to-be-suspended-from-jan-2025)

The Cabinet of Ministers has accepted the proposal to suspend the Special Commodity Levy Act from 01 January 2025, says Finance State Minister Ranjith Siyambalapitiya.

Speaking to the media in Ruwanwella on Friday morning (29), the lawmaker said the government intends to introduce new legislation aimed at safeguarding both consumers and local manufacturers.

...



# 10 others belonging to crime gangs arrested

*2024-03-29 11:28:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195064)

Ten other members of organized crime were arrested, police said.

Police have also seized five persons who were suspected to support the crime with them.

An 186 suspects and several suspects have been arrested in operations from the 19th.



# Trains on Coastal Line facing delays until March 31

*2024-03-29 11:22:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98281/trains-on-coastal-line-facing-delays-until-march-31)

The railway operations on the Coastal Line are experiencing delays on Friday (29), Saturday (30) and Sunday (31), the Department of Railways said.

The department attributed the delays to the railway operations being limited to a single track between Wellawatte and Colombo Fort railway stations due to a pipeline maintenance activity carried out by the Urban Development Authority (UDA).

However, the train operations on the Coastal Line will be restored after Sunday night (31), according to the Department of Railways.



# 36 Syrian soldiers killed in Israel's attack

*2024-03-29 11:21:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179958)

36 Syrian soldiers have been killed in the Airbow province of Aleppo, Syria.

The British -based Syrian Watch for Human Rights said the attack was carried out near the Hizbullah movement's rocket weapon.

At least 36 soldiers were killed in the incident and dozin were injured.

The area said that the area was located near the Aleppo International Airport.

Meanwhile, Syrian military sources said that civilians and military were killed and many were injured in an Israeli enemy attack this morning.



# Nationwide

*2024-03-29 11:16:35*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/நாடளாவிய-ரீதியில்-அதிகரிக்கப்பட்டுள்ள-பாதுகாப்பு/175-335340)

Catholic and Christian churches across the country today (29) have been provided with strong security.

The global Catholic and Christian people today celebrate the Easter Day on Sunday.

In this context, the Chief Minister of Police Deshabandu Tennakoon has issued a directive to provide strong security to Catholic and Christian churches in Sri Lanka.. Remble



# 31-year-old hacked to death with sharp weapons

*2024-03-29 11:11:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98280/31-year-old-hacked-to-death-with-sharp-weapons)

A 31-year-old has been hacked to death with sharp weapons in the Lunugamwehera area on Thursday (28).

The victim, who sustained critical injuries during the attack, was pronounced dead upon admission to the hospital.

Preliminary police investigations have uncovered that the crime was committed over a personal dispute.

Police have arrested a suspect in relation to the incident, Ada Derana reporter said.



# New tax instead of special commodity tax

*2024-03-29 11:02:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195063)

State Minister Ranjith Siyambalapitiya says the Cabinet has accepted the proposal to abolish the Special Trade Tax from next January.

He points out that the local manufacturer is introduced to protect and protect the consumer.

The State Minister was speaking at the Ruwanwella area this morning (29).

He added that the simplification of import taxes are one of the reasons for the decision.



# Significant increase of HIV infections in Sri Lanka

*2024-03-29 10:49:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98279/significant-increase-of-hiv-infections-in-sri-lanka)

The National STD/AIDS Control Programme says that there is a significant increase in the percentage of HIV (human immunodeficiency virus) infections in Sri Lanka compared to last year.

Director of the National STD/AIDS Control Programme Dr. Janaki Vidanapathirana mentioned that sexually active individuals in the age group of 20 to 30 years are at increased risk.

Dr. Vidanapathirana made these remarks while joining a press briefing held in Colombo.



# Polar ice is melting and changing Earth’s rotation

*2024-03-29 10:48:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Polar-ice-is-melting-and-changing-Earths-rotation/108-279823)

CNN - One day in the next couple of years, everyone in the world will lose a second of their time. Exactly when that will happen is being influenced by humans, according to a new study, as melting polar ice alters the Earth’s rotation and changes time itself.

The hours and minutes that dictate our days are determined by Earth’s rotation. But that rotation is not constant; it can change ever so slightly, depending on what’s happening on Earth’s surface and in its molten core.

...



# The train delayed from today to the next day

*2024-03-29 10:46:18*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/இன்று-முதல்-நாளை-மறுநாள்-வரை-ரயில்-தாமதம்/175-335339)

The Railway Department said that there would be some delay in operating trains on the coastal road from today (29) to the next day (31).

The department said that the train service between Wellawatte and the Fort has been limited to a rails.

The action has been taken by the Urban Development Authority due to the maintenance of a pipe between Wellawatte and Bambalapitiya railway stations.

However, the Railway Department further stated that the train service will return to normal after next Sunday night.



# The train delayed from today to tomorrow

*2024-03-29 10:46:18*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/இன்று-முதல்-நாளை-வரை-ரயில்-தாமதம்/175-335339)

The Railway Department said that there would be some delay in running trains on the coastal road from today (29) to the next day (31).

The department said that the train service between Wellawatte and the Fort has been limited to a rails.

The action has been taken by the Urban Development Authority due to the maintenance of a pipe between Wellawatte and Bambalapitiya railway stations.

However, the Railway Department further stated that the train service will return to normal after next Sunday night.



# Girl, 8, only survivor as 45 killed in bus crash in South Africa

*2024-03-29 10:25:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Girl-8-only-survivor-as-45-killed-in-bus-crash-in-South-Africa/108-279822)

South Africa, March 29 (BBC) - Forty-five people have died in South Africa after the bus they were in plunged some 50m (165ft) off a bridge into a ravine, authorities say.

An eight-year-old girl, the only survivor, was taken to hospital with serious injuries.

The bus crashed through a barrier and caught fire when it hit the ground in the north-eastern Limpopo province.

The passengers were pilgrims travelling from Botswana's capital Gaborone to an Easter service in the town of Moria.

...



# Railway delay from today

*2024-03-29 10:10:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195061)

The Railway Department says that a delay in the railway operation can be held from today (29).

The Department said that this has been limited to one committee between Wellawatte and Fort.

The move has taken place due to a maintenance work on the pipeline between Wellawatte and Bambalapitiya railway stations.

However, the train will be restored after the next Sunday night, the Railway Department said.



# Assassination

*2024-03-29 10:05:24*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/கூரிய-ஆயுதத்தால்-தாக்கப்பட்டு-ஒருவர்-படுகொலை/175-335338)

A 31 -year -old man died yesterday morning (28) after being attacked by a sharp weapon.



# HIV infected number rises

*2024-03-29 10:04:59*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/எச்ஐவி-தொற்றாளர்-எண்ணிக்கை-உயர்வு/175-335337)

Dr. Janaki Vidhanapatrana, Director of the National AIDS Prevention Program of Sri Lanka, said that the number of HIV infections in the country has increased.

He noted that people between the ages of 20 and 30 are in danger of being affected.



# Sri Lanka launches online child sexual abuse reporting portal

*2024-03-29 10:00:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-launches-online-child-sexual-abuse-reporting-portal-156531/)

ECONOMYNEXT – An international reporting portal for child sexual abuse material (CSAM) was launched in Sri Lanka jointly by the National Child Protection Authority (NCPA), Internet Watch Foundation (IWF), Save the Children and ChildFund Sri Lanka.

“The IWF reporting portal will play a crucial role in reporting and taking down online child sexual abuse imagery for countries that do not currently have this facility,” Save the Children said in a statement.

...



# PA Towards the Division- DailyMirr

*2024-03-29 09:59:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179951)

DailyMirr has said that one party should stand for the presidential election and other parties to support President Ranil Wickremesinghe.

The party in favor of the Rajapaksa family of the Sri Lanka PA has said that the party should stop its own candidate and contest the election.

The comment has been made at the meeting of the party's executive committee - however, the party has not yet been seriously investigated as the election date has not been announced.

...



# Good Friday commemorated today; Special security plans in place in Sri Lanka

*2024-03-29 09:53:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98278/good-friday-commemorated-today-special-security-plans-in-place-in-sri-lanka)

Good Friday is a significant Christian and Catholic religious observance that marks the crucifixion of Jesus Christ and his death at Calvary. This year, Good Friday is commemorated today (29).

According to the New Testament, Jesus Christ was crucified on a Friday. As such, Good Friday is observed on the Friday preceding Easter Sunday which marks the resurrection of Jesus Christ from the dead on the third day of his burial.

In the Christian Liturgical Calendar, Easter follows Lent, the 40-day period (excluding Sundays) before Easter which traditionally is observed by acts of penance and fasting.

...



# Good Friday commemorated today; Sri Lanka implements special security plans

*2024-03-29 09:53:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98278/good-friday-commemorated-today-sri-lanka-implements-special-security-plans)

Good Friday is a significant Christian and Catholic religious observance that marks the crucifixion of Jesus Christ and his death at Calvary. This year, Good Friday is commemorated today (29).

According to the New Testament, Jesus Christ was crucified on a Friday. As such, Good Friday is observed on the Friday preceding Easter Sunday which marks the resurrection of Jesus Christ from the dead on the third day of his burial.

In the Christian Liturgical Calendar, Easter follows Lent, the 40-day period (excluding Sundays) before Easter which traditionally is observed by acts of penance and fasting.

...



# Today's big silver

*2024-03-29 09:47:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179948)

Christians living in the world today recall the suffering of Jesus Christ and celebrate the death of Holy Friday.

The demise of Jesus is observed today as Holy Friday. The day of his resurrection is celebrated as 'Easter' on Sunday.

Although Jesus Christ died, Christians are called 'Good Friday', which has the benefits of humanity.

Christians are recalling the suffering, death and life of Jesus Christ, the main event in history. All Christians in the world today remember the 'Great Friday' today.

...



# Decide for yourself which election should be held first - Basil to the PA

*2024-03-29 09:42:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179949)

Former Finance Minister Basilrajapaksa told the Sri Lanka PA's executive committee, "You should decide for yourself which election should be held first."

Basilrajapaksa said that I had informed the President that I had to hold a parliamentary election before the presidential election.

Basil Rajapaksa made this statement at a meeting of the Sri Lanka PA executive committee held at the residence of former President Mahinda Rajapaksa.

The general secretary of the party, Sagarakariyawasam, said that Basil Rajapaksa said that it was my personal opinion that the parliamentary election should be held first.

...



# Siege of leakage plant at Pudukkudiyiruppu in Mullaitivu;Young man arrested

*2024-03-29 09:20:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179946)

A youth who was involved in illegal leakage was arrested on Thursday (28), with equipment used for leakage in the Pudukkudiyiruppu Udaiyarkattu pond in Mullaitivu.

The arrest of the arrest that took place at 8 pm yesterday

Pudukkudiyiruppu Police Sergery (70537), 750996, 750996, 750996, 750996, 75096, 75096, 75096, police officer in charge of the Pudukkudiyiruppu Police Station after a confidential information received by Pudukkudiyiruppu Police Kostapile Pradeepan claiming that leakage is being produced in the nearby area of the Pudukkudiyiruppu Udaiyarkattu pond.) The police team was arrested by Pradeepan.

...



# PH Ai. The shooting attempt is sins

*2024-03-29 09:02:42*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/පී-එච්-අයිට--වෙඩි-තැබීමේ-තැත-වරදියි/11-408844)

Police say that the attempt to shoot two stakeholders who had arrived in a motorcycle on the 27th morning of 27 days in the Mahagama Police Division.

State Land - State Land, Delegation in Ragama Rama. Two tanks arrived at a motorcycle on Pabarr motorcycle on the 27th. Asanka Lakmal has been trying to shoot at Lakmal with a 56 bircle fire.

Asanka Lakmal is struggled with people who have come to shoot.. At the same time, the people who had come to shoot had fled. Police say the cause of the shooting has not been revealed. Ragama Police are conducting further investigations into the incident.



# Another murder

*2024-03-29 08:58:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195060)

A 31-year-old man was assaulted by a sharp object.

The victim died on admission to the Lunugamvehera Hospital.

Preliminary police investigations have revealed that the murder had been committed due to an ancient resentment.



# ’Spas’ face imminent closure amid HIV scare

*2024-03-29 08:50:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/top-story/Spas-face-imminent-closure-amid-HIV-scare/155-279820)

Colombo, March 29 (Daily Mirror) - On the heels of the massive raid conducted on 'Spas' in the Negombo area resulting in the detection of two HIV cases, illegal spas and Ayurvedic spas that secretly offer prostitution services are facing imminent closure in many parts of the island, Daily Mirror learns.

Sources familiar with the matter told Daily Mirror that the women employed in brothels operating under the guise of spas have begun to vacate in fear of HIV.

...



# Prime Minister reminds of projects in China

*2024-03-29 08:46:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195059)

Prime Minister Dinesh Gunawardena has participated in the Annual Symposium of the Boao Forum for Asia.

The Prime Minister's office said that the Prime Minister's office was appointed to the seminar in Hynean, China.

Reasonable in income. Prime Minister Dinesh Gunawardena has requested all Asian countries to commit to build a poverty.

The Prime Minister of the Prime Minister said that new terms were needed to ensure agricultural growth and food security.

The Prime Minister's office also stated that the Prime Minister also said that the Colombo Port, Hambantota port as well as the Colombo Port.



# New online reporting system launched for child sexual abuse complaints

*2024-03-29 08:44:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98277/new-online-reporting-system-launched-for-child-sexual-abuse-complaints)

An online platform was launched on Thursday (28), enabling the swift removal of websites, photos, and videos containing or potentially containing instances of child sexual abuse at the Presidential Secretariat under the patronage of President Ranil Wickremesinghe.

Recognizing the urgency of addressing child abuse in cyberspace, this initiative targets the dissemination of nude photos and indecent videos of children through the internet and social media channels.

...



# SLPP heading for split

*2024-03-29 08:23:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/SLPP-heading-for-split/108-279817)

Colombo, March 29 (Daily Mirror) - Sri Lanka Podujana Peramuna (SLPP) is heading for a split with one section insisting on fielding its candidate at the presidential election and the other advocating support for the candidacy of President Ranil Wickremesinghe, Daily Mirror learns.

The SLPP faction which is loyal to the Rajapaksa family has firmed up its position that the party should participate in the election by fielding its candidate. When the party’s executive committee met, such an idea emerged, but further discussion did not take place on the matter since the election has not yet been declared.

...



# South Africa bus crash kills 45 Easter pilgrims; 8-year-old survives

*2024-03-29 07:59:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98276/south-africa-bus-crash-kills-45-easter-pilgrims-8-year-old-survives)

A tragic crash involving a passenger bus in Limpopo, South Africa has left 45 people dead and one person seriously injured, the country’s Department of Transport said in a statement on Thursday (28).

The bus had been transporting a group of Easter pilgrims from Botswana, a landlocked country in southern Africa, to Moria, a town in Limpopo.

According to the department’s statement, the driver lost control and collided with barriers on a bridge near Mamatlakala, causing the bus to go over the bridge and hit the ground, catching fire.

...



# 100mm of rain today

*2024-03-29 07:56:35*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/இன்று-100-மில்லி-மீற்றர்-மழை/175-335334)

The Department of Meteorology has predicted heavy rainfall of 100 millimeters in some parts of the country today.

According to the southern province, some of the districts of Ampara and Moneragala districts are expected to occur at 100 millimeters.. (A)



# Reporting of HIV infected persons

*2024-03-29 07:56:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195058)

Community Dr. Janaki Vidanathirana, Director of the Sri Lanka Institute of STDs and AIDS Contradicates, says that the percentage of HIV infections will be observed in Sri Lanka compared to last year.

She said that the risk of the age group of 20 to 30 years old, she had risen the risk of the victim.

Specialist mediation Dr. Janaki Vidanathirana stated this while participating at a media briefing in Colombo.



# Friday today

*2024-03-29 07:39:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195057)

The world's guests around the world are celebrated today (29).

Christians who meditate in the film, fasting, fasting, and devotion to devotion to the devotion to the devotion of the devotees, will be held today.

Thus, Jesus Christ is remembered on the cross on the cross today, and he is released on Sunday, or on Sunday.

Meanwhile, a special security program has been implemented in the church services and ceremonies held in the churches held in the churches in the church today and the Easter.

The Police Headquarters also obtained the assistance of STF personnel, intelligence officers, intelligence officers and stage officers.



# Sri Lanka trade deficit up 77-pct to Feb, imports surge, rupee appreciates

*2024-03-29 07:23:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-trade-deficit-up-77-pct-to-feb-imports-surge-rupee-appreciates-156552/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka’s trade deficit widened 817 percent to 319 million dollars in February 2024, from 39 million dollars and imports rose 35 percent, official data showed, while the rupee was allowed to appreciate amid deflationary monetary policy.

In February merchandise exports went up 7.9 percent to 1,059 million dollars, and imports surged 35 percent to 1378 million US dollars, central bank data showed.

In the two months to February 2024, exports to went up 3.6 percent to 2,030 million US dollars, imports went up 18.2 percent to 2,890 million dollars.

...



# South Africa fatal bus accident

*2024-03-29 07:19:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195056)

A bus carrying a group of people who were traveling to participate in the Passover service, 45 people were killed in crashing in South Africa.

It was reported that the group had traveled from Gaborron to participate in the incom of church in Moraiya Limpitiya.

The bus has fallen away from a bridge and fell into a bridge in a bridge.

Only 8-year-old girl has survived and has been hospitalized and hospitalized was seriously injured.



# Do not click on links shared on social media platforms: SLCERT

*2024-03-29 07:12:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Do-not-click-on-links-shared-on-social-media-platforms-SLCERT/108-279815)

Colombo, March 28 (Daily Mirror) - Sri Lanka Computer Emergency Readiness Team (SLCERT) requested people not to click on links shared on social media platforms claiming to receive presents given by popular brand names and their trade marks.

SLCERT Senior Information Security Engineer Charuka Damunupola said those links may be received via SMS, WhatsApp, X formerly known as Twitter, Facebook now known as Meta and as a call received on their mobile phone.

Damunupola requests the public to first confirm the authenticity of the requests before responding to them. These kinds of links can be received through your friend groups, he said.

...



# 983.7 million rupees

*2024-03-29 07:04:21*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/983-7-மில்லியன்-ரூபா-ஏற்றுமதி-வருமானம்/175-335333)

Sri Lanka has earned an export income of Rs 983.7 million in the last two months and the country is currently on the right economic path, said the Minister of Small and Medium Entrepreneurship Development Prasanna Ranweera.

He said this at a media briefing held at the Presidential Media Center yesterday. He further stated that

We have achieved significant achievements as a country to resolve the economic crisis in the country in the past. In the last two months alone, the export income of 983.7 million has been earned.

...



# Meeting football team with president

*2024-03-29 07:00:44*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/ஜனாதிபதியுடன்-கால்பந்தாட்ட-அணி-சந்திப்பு/175-335332)

The meeting between President Ranil Wickremesinghe and the Sri Lanka National Football Team took place at the Presidential Office.

The President congratulated the Sri Lankan football team against Bhutan against Bhutan in the four -nation -running football match at the Colombo Horse Racing Stadium.

The President promoted the Sri Lankan football team to win the South Asian Football Tournament next year and promised to cooperate to develop the infrastructure for football.



# Increase in the contribution of Lotter congregation

*2024-03-29 06:54:36*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/லொத்தர்-சபையின்-பங்களிப்பு-அதிகரிப்பு/175-335331)

The Development Lotteri Council recorded the highest profit in its 40 -year history in 2023.

Accordingly, the Development Lotteri Sabha set a new record of 32 percent of the profit in 2022 - 2023, which is doubled in 2022.

Accordingly, the contribution made by the Development Lottery Board to the President's Fund has been increased by 13 percent compared to last year.. (A)



# Heavy rains today

*2024-03-29 06:29:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195054)

Showers or thundershowers will occur at several places in the Western, Southern, Sabaragamuwa and Central provinces since 2 pm today.

In the Uva and Northwestern province of a few places. Showers or thundershowers will occur after 2.

Heavy showers over 50 mm in the Galle and Matara districts and more than 50mm.

In some places in the Galle, Sabaragamuwa, Uva and Western provinces, are expected to be methaved in the Galle and Matara districts.

The public requests the public to take steps to reduce the damages caused by temporary strong winds and lightning accidents with thunderstorms.



# Evening thundershowers expected in several provinces including Western

*2024-03-29 06:01:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98275/evening-thundershowers-expected-in-several-provinces-including-western)

The Meteorology Department says Showers or thundershowers can be expected in parts of Western, Southern, Sabaragamuwa, Central, Uva and North-western provinces after 2.00 p.m. on Friday (29).

Fairly heavy showers above 50mm are likely at some places in Sabaragamuwa and Western provinces and Galle and Matara districts.

Misty conditions can be expected in Central, Sabaragamuwa, Uva and Western provinces and Galle and Matara districts in the morning.

The members of the public are advised to take adequate precautions to minimize damages caused by temporary localized strong winds and lightning during thundershowers.



# Sri Lanka electricity sector reforms bill to be gazetted

*2024-03-29 06:00:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-electricity-sector-reforms-bill-to-be-gazetted-156543/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka’s Attorney General has issued certification to proceed with the new draft bill on electricity sector reforms, Power and Energy Minister Kanchana Wijesekera said.

“Accordingly the new electricity reforms bill will be gazetted in the next two weeks and presented to the Parliament during the last week of April,” Wijesekera said on social media platform X (twitter.)

A progress review of the electricity sector reforms was held at the Ministry of Power and Energy with officials of the Reforms Secretariat Wijesekera said.

...



# Rise in hand-foot-and-mouth disease among children

*2024-03-29 05:57:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Rise-in-hand-foot-and-mouth-disease-among-children/108-279814)

Colombo, March 29 (Daily Mirror) - Lady Ridgeway Hospital (LRH) Consultant Pediatrician Dr. Deepal Perera said today that there is an increase in the spread of hand-foot-and-mouth disease (HFMD) among schoolchildren these days.

He said this disease spreads every year, especially between March and April.

If children have symptoms like small, oval, red or white blisters on the palms and soles of the feet, as well as in the mouth, if there is a red skin rash with a brown scale on it, or if the rash appears on the outer arms, then parents should keep in mind not to send their children to schools, daycare centres or public places.

...



# No mea culpa

*2024-03-29 05:45:56*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/columns/No-mea-culpa/4-760104)

It’s almost comedic in its simple-minded analysis of complicated issues

...



# No mea culpa

*2024-03-29 05:45:56*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/opinion/No-mea-culpa/14-760104)

It’s almost comedic in its simple-minded analysis of complicated issues

Former President Gotabaya Rajapaksa’s book titled “Conspiracy to oust me from the presidency” does in no way live up to its title. If anyone thinks this is a page turner that gives a blow by blow about how a conspiracy unfolded to destroy his presidency, don’t waste your time or your money on the work.

...



# Values mixed up?

*2024-03-29 05:43:22*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/columns/Values-mixed-up/4-760103)

Those who possess drugs are in custody, while those who enabled these persons to possess the drugs are walking free and continuing to bring more drugs into the country

In recent times, there is a massive campaign launched in Sri Lanka to eliminate drugs in the country. It is an excellent objective. But who are those being caught and disciplined? Those who are in possession of drugs. But has it ever occurred to these knights in shining armour, who go after those who possess drugs, that there is another group on whom no drugs are found or will ever be found, who are nevertheless, the masterminds of the drug trade?

...



# Values mixed up?

*2024-03-29 05:43:22*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/opinion/Values-mixed-up/14-760103)

Those who possess drugs are in custody, while those who enabled these persons to possess the drugs are walking free and continuing to bring more drugs into the country

In recent times, there is a massive campaign launched in Sri Lanka to eliminate drugs in the country. It is an excellent objective. But who are those being caught and disciplined? Those who are in possession of drugs. But has it ever occurred to these knights in shining armour, who go after those who possess drugs, that there is another group on whom no drugs are found or will ever be found, who are nevertheless, the masterminds of the drug trade?

...



# “Ye are the light of the world”: A mystical approach to Easter

*2024-03-29 05:41:28*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/opinion/Ye-are-the-light-of-the-world-A-mystical-approach-to-Easter/14-760102)

Our purpose in this world is to choose the resurrection where we join with Christ and seek his power of thought to restore our minds to its original glory

...



# South Asia’s largest water research institute opens at Peradeniya Uni.

*2024-03-29 05:29:54*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/South-Asia-s-largest-water-research-institute-opens-at-Peradeniya-Uni/56-760098)

The China-Sri Lanka Joint Research and Demonstration Centre for Water Technology, the largest water research institute in South Asia, was inaugurated at the University of Peradeniya on Tuesday.

The opening ceremony was attended by Chinese Academy of Science Deputy President Yaping Zhang and Peradeniya University Vice Chancellor Prof. D. M. Lamahewa .

...



# Parliamentary delegation participates in 72nd Westminster Conference

*2024-03-29 05:28:19*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/Parliamentary-delegation-participates-in-72nd-Westminster-Conference/56-760097)

A three-member delegation from Sri Lanka’s Parliament attended the 72nd Westminster Conference, which took place from 11 to 15 March at the British Parliament in London.

Deputy Speaker of House Ajith Rajapaksa, MP Dr. Harini Amarasuriya, Parliament Deputy Secretary General and Chief of Staff Chaminda Kularatna represented Sri Lanka’s Parliament.

...



# SLIM Dialog Brand Week 2024 concludes in grand style

*2024-03-29 05:25:56*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/SLIM-Dialog-Brand-Week-2024-concludes-in-grand-style/34-760096)

Sri Lanka’s biggest marketing event of the year, SLIM Dialog Brand Week 2024 concluded in style recently, amidst active participation from across industries, with all sessions being sold out.

The 3-day symposium, held from 13 to 15 March at Waters Edge, SLIM Dialog Brand Week 2024 was no doubt the most anticipated marketing event in Sri Lanka’s marketing calendar. This flagship event, organised by the Sri Lanka Institute of Marketing (SLIM) in collaboration with Dialog Axiata, surpassed all expectations, solidifying its reputation as the preeminent gathering of marketing minds in the country.

...



# Sri Lankan microfinance bank LOLC opens new branch in Islamabad

*2024-03-29 05:23:20*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/Sri-Lankan-microfinance-bank-LOLC-opens-new-branch-in-Islamabad/34-760095)

The LOLC Microfinance Bank inaugurated its latest branch in the Blue Area of Islamabad recently.

The High Commissioner of Sri Lanka to Pakistan Admiral Ravindra C. Wijegunaratne graced the opening ceremony as the Chief Guest.

Addressing the gathering, the High Commissioner emphasised the significance of promoting financial inclusion and acknowledged the pivotal role played by the LOLC Holdings in this endeavour.

...



# Fitch assigns Abans proposed debentures AA- amid challenging environment

*2024-03-29 05:18:58*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/Fitch-assigns-Abans-proposed-debentures-AA-amid-challenging-environment/34-760094)

In a recent development, Fitch Ratings has assigned a ‘AA- (lka)’ National Long-Term Rating to Sri Lanka-based consumer electronics retailer Abans PLC’s (AA-(lka)/Stable) proposed senior unsecured redeemable debentures.

This rating reflects Abans strong financial position and underscores Abans’ robust position in the domestic market for consumer electronics, underpinned by its extensive distribution network and strong portfolio of established brands. Notably, this rating places Abans ahead of its competitors, highlighting its resilience and stability in the industry.

...



# Catholic Bishops Conference calls for governance reform in Easter Message

*2024-03-29 05:16:51*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/Catholic-Bishops-Conference-calls-for-governance-reform-in-Easter-Message/56-760093)

Notes Easter is being celebrated during a period of severe turmoil

Emphasises urgency of reforming SL’s governance to alleviate suffering of its people

Urges authorities to deliver justice to Easter Sunday terror attack victims

The Catholic Bishops Conference in its Easter message has called for a change in Sri Lanka’s governing system to address the many social, economic, and political crises gripping the nation.

...



# International reporting portal debuts in SL to combat online violence against children

*2024-03-29 05:16:16*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/International-reporting-portal-debuts-in-SL-to-combat-online-violence-against-children/56-760092)

The International Reporting Portal for Child Sexual Abuse Material (CSAM) for Sri Lanka was officially launched by President Ranil Wickremesinghe yesterday alongside the National Child Protection Authority (NCPA), Internet Watch Foundation (IWF), Save the Children and ChildFund Sri Lanka.

Online violence against children in Sri Lanka has soared over the past decade, with recent research by Save the Children indicating that 3 out of 10 children who are internet users in urban and semi urban areas in Sri Lanka are being victimized by online perpetrators.

...



# How I Write I write: Aruna Premaratne

*2024-03-29 05:16:01*

[bbccomsinhala](https://www.bbc.com/sinhala/articles/cn0dpz1x39ro)

Aruna Premaratne is most popular in the 'Flag of Flags' as the writer of Teledrama, but the 'star lifeline' and a three-day story contributed to Sinhala literature.

He cannot also forget that he has played its literature access to its literature as a translator.

I talk to him as a novelist as a noteworthy person with the objective of understanding the emotions and writing he felt as a dominant.

The questions I hear in this discussion is currently published by I have expressed the 'history of Nimna' (2019) and the novels of this secret wind.

It is well known for all writer's writing process.

...



# Prasanna advocates holding Presidential election over a Parliamentary poll

*2024-03-29 05:14:44*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/Prasanna-advocates-holding-Presidential-election-over-a-Parliamentary-poll/56-760091)

Chief Government Whip and Urban Development and Housing Minister Prasanna Ranatunga

Cites potential benefits in ensuring a stable Govt. amid challenges

Credits President Ranil Wickremesinghe economic stability, urges continuity under his leadership

Voices his preference for SLPP founder Basil Rajapaksa as National Organiser given his experience, while congratulating Namal Rajapaksa in new post

Hints at Namal Rajapaksa’s potential suitability for Presidential candidacy in future

...



# Easter and the Roman Centurion: A Symphony of Redemption

*2024-03-29 04:30:00*

[islandlk](http://island.lk/easter-and-the-roman-centurion-a-symphony-of-redemption/)

...



# Colombo Hospital staffers refuse uniforms despite allowance

*2024-03-29 04:13:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Colombo-Hospital-staffers-refuse-uniforms-despite-allowance/108-279816)

Colombo, March 29 (Daily Mirror) - Minor staffers at the National Hospital Colombo (NHC) have chosen not to wear their uniforms, despite receiving an annual allowance for them, according to an official from the hospital.

These staffers,both male and female, are provided with specific white uniforms for their duties at the hospital to make them easily identifiable. However, instead of wearing these uniforms they allegedly opt for casual attire and behave more like clerical staff or office assistants.

...



# CAA to withdraw gazette which prevents traders charging for polyethylene bags

*2024-03-29 02:27:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/CAA-to-withdraw-gazette-which-prevents-traders-charging-for-polyethylene-bags/108-279818)

Colombo, March 29 (Daily Mirror) - The Attorney General today informed Supreme Court that the Consumers Affairs Authority would withdraw its gazette notification issued directing all traders not to charge for polyethylene bags issued to consumers when they are purchasing goods.

The Attorney General made these remarks when the fundamental rights petition filed by Centre for Environmental Justice was called before Supreme Court.

The petitioner is seeking an order directing the authorities to formulate practical procedures for minimizing the manufacturing by producers and use of polythene and single-use plastics by the

...



# March headline inflation drops substantially to 0.9%

*2024-03-29 02:21:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/March-headline-inflation-drops-substantially-to-0-9/108-279804)

Soaring prices in the past couple of months led to a fall in demand for vegetables. Pic by Kithsiri de Mel

Headline Inflation, as measured by the Colombo Consumer Price Index (CCPI), dropped to 0.9 percent in March 2024 from 5.9 percent in February, data from the Department of Census and Statistics (DCS) showed.

The CCPI for all items for March 2024 was 196.7, which is a decrease of 3.9 index points compared to February 2024, for which the index was 200.6. The expenditure value decreased by Rs. 3,576 in the ‘Market Basket’.

...



# How does everyone learn the country in the face of the economic crisis?

*2024-03-29 02:09:27*

[bbccomsinhala](https://www.bbc.com/sinhala/articles/c7205xkkj0jo)

"There is question that Sri Lanka's coming to Sri Lanka and explain whether the country will land with the economic and political issues of the country. So it's been to be a castle. "

Hirunu gone abroad not only for her higher education. One other purpose in Sri Lanka has no good future is a foreign residency or citizenship of a foreign country.

She is our speech and many have been abroad as many as many people, claiming to be available to higher education.

Is there any money on the occasion to take Sri Lanka in a severe economic crisis?What are they doing for it?This BBC is looking into the matter.

...



# Steps should be taken to provide 2000 rupees as a base for plantation workers - Kidnan Selvaraj

*2024-03-29 01:56:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179943)

The President of the All Ceylon Plantation Workers Union, Kidnan Selvaraj, said that the verse 1700 rupees should be taken to provide 2000 rupees to the plantation workers.

Plantation workers were distributed today (28) at Pittarathamalai, Haputtala. This was organized by the All Ceylon Plantation Workers Union.

Meanwhile, Kidnan Selvaraj, president of the All Ceylon Plantation Workers Union, said the above.. He said more,

...



# New approach to report egalitarian child abuse - President

*2024-03-29 01:47:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179942)

The Internet system for immediate removal of children's naked photos and obscene videos uploaded on the Internet was introduced on Thursday (28) at the Presidential Office headed by President Ranil Wickremesinghe.

Children are affected by the cyber web site due to children's abuse incidents or the web pages, photos and videos that can be trapped in children.

The National Child Protection Authority, one of the world's leading Internet Child Protection Confirmation Institutions, is being carried out in partnership with the United Kingdom's Internet Watch Foundation - Save the Children & Child.

...



# Damaged potato affair: Provincial Investigation Committee - Governor's Compliance with Gajendran's request

*2024-03-29 01:39:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179941)

The Governor of the Northern Province accepted the request of Parliamentarian Selvarajah Gajendran to set up a provincial inquiry committee on the issue of potatoes worth Rs.

It was found that the seed of the Jaffna district selected potatoes under the Agricultural Action Scheme last December was discovered by the seed potato infected.

In this case, Ambalavanar, the then Jaffna District Government Agent, held a high -level discussion on the issue of Sivapala Sundaran.

...



# 983.7 million rupees in two months

*2024-03-29 01:36:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179940)

Minister of Small and Medium Entrepreneurship Development Prasanna Ranweera said Sri Lanka has earned an export income of Rs 983.7 million in the last two months and that the country is currently on the right economic path.

The Minister of State has stated that attraction of the entrepreneurship environment will lead to the creation of entrepreneurs in the future.

State Minister Prasanna Ranawira made this statement at a media briefing held at the Presidential Media Center on Thursday (28).

...



# State Minister Sivanesathurai Chandrakanthan visits Kilinochchi

*2024-03-29 01:27:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179939)

The foundation stone for the reconstruction of the Kilinochchi Bharathipura Sebasriyar Road was held on Thursday (28) under the funding of the Rural Roads Development Ministry.

Rural Roads Development Minister Sivanesathurai Chandrakanthan, Jaffna District Parliamentarian Anganjan Ramanathan, Wanni Parliamentarian Dileepan, Contractors, Divisional Secretaries, Village People and Road Authority Officers were also present.

The Rural Roads Development Minister Sivanesathurai Chandrakanthan presented the launch of the bridge renovation and then laid down the bridge renovation.

...



# Ryan Parak's Action Makes Rajasthan

*2024-03-29 00:52:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179938)

Rajasthan Royals won the Telhi Capitles by 12 runs in the most exciting Indian Premier League in the Sawai Mansingh Stadium in Jaipur on Thursday (28).

Rajasthan Royals played a major role in the success of Ryan Barak.

Rajasthan Royals, who were first invited to bat in the upting match, scored 185 runs for the loss of 5 wickets in 20 overs.

The total number of Rajasthan Royals was 36 runs in the 8th over losing the match by the young player Yaswvi Jayeswal (5), team captain Sanju Semsan (15) and Jos Butler (11).

However, Ryan Barak contributed to the three excellent merger and made the team strong.

...



# Bribery and Corruption Investigation Commission

*2024-03-29 00:17:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179937)

Legal action has been taken by the Bribery and Corruption Commission, including former Governor of the Central Bank of Sri Lanka, Ajith Nivad Kabral, for the loss of Rs 1,843.3 million to the government through the Treasury Undelier purchase.

The Bribery and Corruption Investigation Commission said that he had filed a case in the Colombo High Court in connection with the complaint filed by former parliamentarian Sujeewa Senasinghe.

This is based on the incident in which the Greece was in the face of the economic crisis in 2012.

...



# Basil Rajapaksa is not the Commissioner of Elections - Samara Sampath to decide the election

*2024-03-29 00:05:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179936)

The founder of the PA is not the Election Commissioner of the Elections Commissioner, but he does not have to decide which elections to be held.

He was speaking to the media after attending a function held in Colombo on Thursday (28).

It must be acknowledged that the country has recovered under the leadership of President Ranil Wickremesinghe.

We will create a government led by President Ranil Wickremesinghe. He will field him as the presidential candidate.

Basil Rajapaksa is not the Commissioner of Elections to determine which elections should be held first.

Former President Maithripala Sirisena has nothing to talk about.



# Getting back to that peaceful Easter Sunday - EDITORIAL

*2024-03-29 00:02:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/opinion/Getting-back-to-that-peaceful-Easter-Sunday-EDITORIAL/172-279813)

Easter Sunday is an important day in the Sri Lankan calendar as this day has become the talking point as never before due to the  2019 ‘Easter Sunday bombings’.

Christians would never compare man’s sufferings with the agony Jesus went through on the cross. According to Rev. Frs. Sanjeewa Mendis and Sriyananda Fernando-who spoke on the meaning and message of Easter on ITN’s Pini Viyana programme on March 28-the message conveyed by the Son of God is to spread ‘love’ even during the toughest of times.

...



# Gaza genocide, ISIS and the tailpiece of Moscow terror

*2024-03-29 00:01:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/opinion/Gaza-genocide-ISIS-and-the-tailpiece-of-Moscow-terror/172-279812)

An injured man is helped outside Ahli Arab Hospital in Gaza City: The United Nations says the Gaza Strip’s health system is collapsing. AFP

The Moscow terror attack, conveniently claimed by the so-called Islamic State, a.k.a. ISIS, and the diplomatic circus at the United Nations Security Council on Tuesday in passing a Gaza ceasefire resolution may appear disconnected at first glance. But there is enough interconnection between the two tragedies.

...



# Short term parate suspension will not significantly impact financial sector: CB

*2024-03-29 00:00:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Short-term-parate-suspension-will-not-significantly-impact-financial-sector-CB/108-279800)

The Central Bank this week noted that the government’s move to suspend the rights of banks to exercise parate execution will not have severe implications on the financial sector since it is a short term measure.

While concerns have been raised in this regard by both, the banks and borrowers, Central Bank Governor Dr. Nandalal Weerasinghe said there is no need to worry as yet.

“The government’s decision is to suspend only for six months. I don’t think that will have a significant impact,” said Dr. Weerasinghe responding to a question raised at the Monetary Policy briefing held this week.

...



# Sri Lanka seeks manager to exchange restructured ISBs as talks begin

*2024-03-28 23:59:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-seeks-manager-to-exchange-restructured-isbs-as-talks-begin-156524/)

ECONOMYNEXT- Sri Lanka has requested proposals from banks to manage an exchange restructured bonds as the Indian Ocean island begings talks to re-structure international sovereign bonds this week.

The firm should have experience being a “Dealer Manager or similar in sovereign bond exchange

offers, consent solicitations and other liability management exercises in relation to

sovereign bonds” within the last five years, a notice posted on the Finance Ministry website said.

...



# Namal contest in presidential election?

*2024-03-28 23:49:35*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/ஜனாதிபதி-தேர்தலில்-நாமல்-போட்டி/175-335330)

Prasanna Ranatunga, the chief organizer of the ruling party and the Minister of Urban Development and Housing, said,

He may have the experience of participating in the competition in the fifth to ten years. At that time, he had the opportunity to start the election and create a new background.

If you can accept that challenge and expect it, it is okay to accept that responsibility.

He also informed the media that I do not know the name of a presidential candidate in the Sri Lanka PA. Remble



# Pornography of boys' pornographic and videos

*2024-03-28 23:41:28*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/சிறுவர்களின்-ஆபாச-படங்கள்-காணொளிகளை-உடனடியாக-நீக்கும்-வழி-முறை/175-335329)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe was launched today (28) at the Presidential Office headed by President Ranil Wickremesinghe.

Children are affected by the cyber web site due to children's abuse incidents or the web pages, photos and videos that can be trapped in children.

The National Child Protection Authority, one of the world's leading Internet Child Protection Confirmation Institutions, the United Kingdom Internet Watch Foundation - The program is being carried out with the IWF and provided the Save the Children & Child its financial assistance.

...



# PM Dinesh urges Asian countries to rededicate to eradicate poverty

*2024-03-28 22:52:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98274/pm-dinesh-urges-asian-countries-to-rededicate-to-eradicate-poverty)

Sri Lanka’s Prime Minister Dinesh Gunawardena on Thursday called upon the Asian countries to rededicate themselves to building an Asia, free from poverty where prosperity is equitably shared.

Addressing the BOAO Forum for Asia Annual Conference 2024 in Hainan in China, he praised China’s “miraculous success story of lifting millions of people from poverty to a higher living standard under the able leadership of President Xi Jinping,” and added that concept provides a pathway for other countries faced with the problem of poverty.

...



# New rules for children and women's safety

*2024-03-28 22:38:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195053)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe has been launched by President Ranil Wickremesinghe at the Presidential Secretariat today (28) at the presidency.

Web sites, photos and videos of websites, containing or containing child sexual abuse incidents are being violent in cyber space at present.

The National Child Protection Authority has implemented the program with Internet Watch Foundation - IWF, the ICT, the Financial Sponsorship of the International Sponsorship.

...



# Sri Lanka calls for debt-restructuring proposals from dealer managers

*2024-03-28 22:23:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98273/sri-lanka-calls-for-debt-restructuring-proposals-from-dealer-managers)

(Reuters) - Sri Lanka has called for proposals from dealer managers to support its restructuring of some $12 billion of international bonds, the Finance Ministry said on Thursday, in a fresh sign that the island nation is closing in on finalizing its debt rework.

Sri Lanka defaulted on its foreign debt in May 2022 as the economy sank into its deepest financial crisis in decades due to a severe shortfall of dollars. The government was expected to start formal restructuring talks with bondholders this week.

...



# Fallen ’Crypto King’ Sam Bankman-Fried gets for 25 years for fraud

*2024-03-28 22:13:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Fallen-Crypto-King-Sam-Bankman-Fried-gets-for-25-years-for-fraud/108-279790)

Sam Bankman-Fried, co-founder of the failed crypto exchange FTX, has been sentenced to 25 years in prison for defrauding customers and investors of his now-bankrupt firm.

The ruling cements the downfall of the former billionaire, who emerged as a high profile champion of crypto before his firm's dramatic collapse in 2022.

The 32-year-old was later found to have stolen billions from customers of the exchange ahead of its implosion.

But he was convicted by a New York jury in November on charges including multiple counts of wire fraud and conspiracy to commit money laundering.

...



# Fallen ’Crypto King’ Sam Bankman-Fried gets 25 years for fraud

*2024-03-28 22:13:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Fallen-Crypto-King-Sam-Bankman-Fried-gets-25-years-for-fraud/108-279790)

Sam Bankman-Fried, co-founder of the failed crypto exchange FTX, has been sentenced to 25 years in prison for defrauding customers and investors of his now-bankrupt firm.

The ruling cements the downfall of the former billionaire, who emerged as a high profile champion of crypto before his firm's dramatic collapse in 2022.

The 32-year-old was later found to have stolen billions from customers of the exchange ahead of its implosion.

But he was convicted by a New York jury in November on charges including multiple counts of wire fraud and conspiracy to commit money laundering.

...



# The bodies of the hidden children of the Oya to homes

*2024-03-28 22:13:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195052)

The post mortem examination of the remains of the four school children who were drowned yesterday (28) had been brought to the homes.

They had the accident when 11 students went to a friend's house and was bathing.

The accident is a 9th grade group of St. Bernatth College of Polgahawela.

The eldest is the eldest child of two children, a resident of the Ulawwa Lastuwa, the dead in Parakumbura Walakumbura, and he has a younger child.

He was also the leader of the Under-15 school cricket team.

The eldest child of Vidasi Devmini, a resident of the area, is the eldest of the family.

...



# HSBC Ceylon Literary & Art Festival collaborates with Dilmah Ceylon Tea to launch Youth Future Writers Program

*2024-03-28 22:04:00*

[islandlk](http://island.lk/hsbc-ceylon-literary-art-festival-collaborates-with-dilmah-ceylon-tea-to-launch-youth-future-writers-program/)

The HSBC Ceylon Literary & Art Festival in collaboration with Dilmah Ceylon Tea opened its inaugural edition in Kandy announcing the launch of the Future Writers Program. Dedicated to nurturing the creative talents of young individuals, this competition underscores the festival’s commitment to fostering youth development and grooming the creative thinking, enhancing its focus on empowering the next generation.

...



# King Chipto

*2024-03-28 21:46:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195051)

Sam Bankman Fried for 25 years in prison, as King Cricuto.

He was convicted of billions of clients that billions of clients were cheated through the Crimptoczi Exchange Company.



# We will present the recommendations only after reviewing the Truth, Unity and Reconciliation Commission Bill - the Asgiriya Faculty

*2024-03-28 21:40:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179935)

The Asgiriya Faculty has stated that they will have to analyze the piracy and discuss it with the Sangam council of their faculty, before they express their compassion on the proposed fact, unity and reconciliation commission.

Last month, copies of the proposed Truth, Unity and Reconciliation Commission Bill were handed over to the Asgiriya and Malwathupita Mahanayaka Thera by the Interim Secretariat on Truth and Reconciliation.

...



# UK will continue to keep Sri Lanka travel advice under close review – Lord Ahmad

*2024-03-28 21:40:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98272/uk-will-continue-to-keep-sri-lanka-travel-advice-under-close-review-lord-ahmad)

Amidst growing pressure to amend its travel advice to Sri Lanka which was deemed “overly harsh”, the United Kingdom (UK) has defended its decision and said it would continue to keep the island nation’s travel advise under close review.

UK’s Minister of State for the Middle East, South Asia, Commonwealth Lord Tariq Ahmad of Wimbledon made this remark in the UK Parliament responding to a question raised on plans to update the travel advice to Sri Lanka to reflect the security situation in the country.

...



# Latest situation in the Maharagama Bath tree collapsed

*2024-03-28 21:38:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195050)

Two persons were injured in the accident in the Maharagama Bath tree, police said.

The breakage of a branch of the breeding tree around 7.30 am was interrupted by the Maharagama High Level Road.

Two three wheelers and car damaged a motorcycle in the accident.

Police said the branch of the collapsed in the collapse had been removed from the area.



# Jaffna - Nelliyadi leaky cave blockade by police

*2024-03-28 21:35:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179914)

More than 600 koda and the equipment for leakage have been recovered by the police.



# Profit-takings slow CSE’s initial bull-run

*2024-03-28 21:32:00*

[islandlk](http://island.lk/profit-takings-slow-cses-initial-bull-run/)

The Colombo stock market kicked off on a bullish note yesterday but later slowed down somewhat due to profit takings in certain counters.However, the market was also in a mood of optimism due to positive reactions by the Chinese government to Sri Lanka’s debt restructuring exercise, analysts said.

Consequently, both indices moved in positive directions. The All Share Price Index closed up 0.09 percent, or 9.89 points, at 11,444; while the S&P SL20 Index closed up 0.53 percent, or 17.35 points, at 3,317.

...



# World’s first successful conversion of Hummer EV SUV to right-hand drive by a team of Sri Lankans at Global Conversions

*2024-03-28 21:30:00*

[islandlk](http://island.lk/worlds-first-successful-conversion-of-hummer-ev-suv-to-right-hand-drive-by-a-team-of-sri-lankans-at-global-conversions/)

Global Conversions, a leading Sri Lankan-owned company specializing in automobile re-engineering, has achieved a remarkable milestone in the automotive industry with successful conversion of the world’s first Hummer EV SUV to right-hand drive. This groundbreaking achievement exemplifies Global Conversions’ commitment to innovation and excellence in the field of vehicle conversions.

...



# Development Lottery Board recorded recorded profit

*2024-03-28 20:43:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195049)

The contribution made by the Development Lotteries Board has increased by 13% over the previous year by Rs.. The Presidential Media Unit said that the target of 3,622,506,725 /725 / 0725 / -, the Presidential Media Unit said.

At the same time, the government's contribution increased by 6% by Rs. 5,193,833,721 has become a value.

This is the highest profit of the development Lotteries Board in 40 years.



# Maithripala noticed to appear before Court on April 4

*2024-03-28 20:32:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Maithripala-noticed-to-appear-before-Court-on-April-4/108-279789)

Colombo, March 28 (Daily Mirror) - The Maligakanda Magistrate's Court issued a notice directing former President Maithripala Sirisena to appear before Court and provide a statement regarding his recent controversial revelation regarding the Easter Sunday attacks.

The Court issued a notice directing the former President to appear before Court on April 4 following a request made by the Criminal Investigations Department (CID).

The CID filed a facts report before the Maligakanda Magistrate's Court regarding the statement the former President had made recently.

...



# Heavy traffic on High-Level Road due to fallen tree branch

*2024-03-28 20:22:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98271/heavy-traffic-on-high-level-road-due-to-fallen-tree-branch)

A broken branch of the ‘Bo’ tree at Wattegedara in Maharagama has reportedly fallen on the road causing traffic congestion on the High-Level Road.

Motorists are advised to use alternate routes as severe traffic congestion is reported in the area.



# At a branch in Maharagama collapses

*2024-03-28 20:08:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195048)

The traffic congestion has occurred due to the collapse of a branch in the Maharagama.



# Court order for Maithri

*2024-03-28 20:05:39*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/மைத்திரிக்கு-நீதிமன்றம்-அதிரடி-உத்தரவு/175-335316)

Former President Maithripala Sirisena has been ordered to make a statement to the court on April 4.

The order was issued after the Criminal Investigation Department (CID) issued a statement today (28) on the directive of the Attorney General.

The announcement was made to the Maithri in connection with the Criminal Investigation Department regarding the Easter attack incident.. Remble



# Aussie under the age of 19. Sri Lanka won the team under the age of 19 by 7 runs

*2024-03-28 20:03:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179934)

Sri Lanka won Australia by 7 runs in the 19 -year -old women's T20 series in Mahinda Rajapaksa's International Cricket Stadium in Hambantota on Thursday (28).

The Sri Lankan women, who decided to bat first in the match, scored 117 runs for the loss of six wickets in 20 overs.

117 runs in a women's T20 cricket match under the age of 19 is one of the best.

Thevmi Wijeratne and Sanjana Kavindi played 23 runs in the opening wicket.

Next, Netmi Poorna, who entered the field, shared 20 runs with Sanjana in the 2nd wicket.

Sanjana scored 28 runs with 4 pounds and a six.

...



# Did the Keheliya Cabinet overthrow the cabinet?What was revealed in court

*2024-03-28 20:02:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195047)

Former Health Minister Keheliya Rambukwella and the nine suspects were remanded until April 8 today (28).

The Deputy Selicitor General of the government stated that the Cabinet has misled the Cabinet that Minister Keheliya Rambukwella has been misled by Minister Keheliya Rambukwella.

The case was taken up again in the Maligakkanda Magistrate's Court today to the purchase of quality.

The former Health Minister Keheliya Rambukwella and the 9 suspects were produced before the court.

...



# 'We should win': Shakib before joining Tigers ahead of second SL Test

*2024-03-28 20:00:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/We-should-win-Shakib-before-joining-Tigers-ahead-of-second-SL-Test/108-279788)

Mar. 28 (thedailystar) - Former Bangladesh skipper Shakib Al Hasan said that he believes the Tigers have the capability to do well and even win their upcoming Test against Sri Lanka.

Bangladesh, led by Najmul Hossain Shanto, suffered a 328-run hammering at the hands of the Lankans in the first of the two-Test series in Sylhet. The Tigers now gear up to face the same opposition in the second Test in Chattogram, starting from March 30.

...



# Maithri's court order in connection with the Easter attack incident

*2024-03-28 19:46:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179933)

Former President Maithripala Sirisena had made a statement to the Criminal Investigation Department regarding the Easter attack.

The Magistrate's Court on Thursday (28) ordered the former President Maithripala Sirisena to make a statement on April 4.

The order was issued after the Criminal Investigation Department (CID) issued a statement on Thursday (28) on the directive of the Attorney General.



# Appeal against Gnanasara Thero

*2024-03-28 19:35:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195046)

Ravana Balaya Organization Secretary General of the Rawana Palace Ven.

Rev. Galagodaatte Gnanasara Thero was accused of a statement made by a statement in a 2016 briefing in the Kuragala Viharaya.

It is the former Govern Governor Azad Sally and the complaints made to the CID and the IGP.

Accordingly, the Attorney General filed indictments under Section 295 of the Penal Code.

When the case was taken up today (28), the lawyer appearing on behalf of Gnanasara Thera said that the monk was made based on the atmosphere of the country.

...



# Hair -based prejudice: French MPs support

*2024-03-28 19:33:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179932)

The House today voted under the French Parliament in favor of a Bill that prohibits discrimination of staff's hair and hairstyles based on hairstyles.

Supporters of the law say that black women suffer from such prejudices.

According to the law, Olivier Serwa said that it is a crime to discriminate against the nature of the hair, the length, the color of the hair and the hairdresser in the workplace.

Under the French parliament, the two voted in favor of the law in support of the law.



# Easter attack claims: Maithripala ordered to make statement in court

*2024-03-28 19:24:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98270/easter-attack-claims-maithripala-ordered-to-make-statement-in-court)

The Maligakanda Magistrate’s Court has ordered former President Maithripala Sirisena to make a statement in court on 04 April on his recent comments over the Easter Sunday bomb attacks.

The order was issued today (28) after the Criminal Investigation Department (CID) had reported the relevant facts to the court, on the instructions of the Attorney General.

Sirisena had recorded a statement for around five-hours with the CID on Monday (05) over his recent comments regarding the Easter Sunday bomb attacks.

...



# DLB records highest-ever profit in 2023

*2024-03-28 19:22:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98269/dlb-records-highest-ever-profit-in-2023)

The Development Lotteries Board (DLB) has recorded its highest-ever profit of Rs. 3.6 billion in 2023 and a significant portion of Rs. 3.6 billion goes to the President’s Fund, the President’s Media Division said.

In 2023, the Development Lotteries Board (DLB) achieved it’s highest-ever profit in its 40-year history. This marked a significant milestone as the DLB recorded a profit margin of 32% for the fiscal year 2022-2023, double the previous year’s figure, the PMD said a statement.

...



# 18-member squad for Asian U-20 Meet

*2024-03-28 19:15:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/18-member-squad-for-Asian-U-20-Meet/108-279776)

Mar. 28 (Daily Mirror) - Sri Lanka Athletic (SLA) will field an 18-member contingent for the 21st Asian Under-20 Junior Athletic Championship, conducted by the Asian Athletic and to be held from April 24 to 27 in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.

Top competitors from over 40 Asian countries are set to participate in this tournament.

The Sri Lankan contingent will include 12 Men and six Women, SLA President Major General (Retired) Palitha Fernando told the Daily Mirror. The selected 18-member Sri Lankan contingent is yet to be approved by the sports minister.

...



# Emergency order for Maithri

*2024-03-28 19:14:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195045)

The Maligakanda Magistrate's Court has ordered the Criminal Investigation Department on April 4.

The Criminal Investigation Department (CID) has issued this order since the CID has reported to the court today on advice.



# Interim to be extended against arrests arrest arrest

*2024-03-28 19:09:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195044)

The Court of Appeal today (28) ordered the interim injunction order issued by the Police Narurebeek Basshak.

Court of Appeal Court Delivery Court as a Rad petition filed by Nadem Bashik to issue a order to issue a prevention of the police.. N. Mr. Samarakoon issued the order.

The petitioner says that a group of police officers of the Police Naruree Bureau are preparing to be unjust.

The petitioner said that the Maligakanda Magistrate had reportedly reported the court.

He has presented the petition to issue an order to issue an order to issue an order unfair arrest without adequate evidence.



# They were married

*2024-03-28 18:57:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195043)

If Abby and Britain, the twins transplanted from the body were the most popular world.

Foreign media has reportedly reported that abby and brittany has been married.

These reports indicate that they had come to the 2021 to marry.



# 10 of the student of the vaccine student admitted to the hospital;Incident in the field

*2024-03-28 18:55:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179931)

Nagoda hospital sources say that 10 people have been admitted to the hospital due to illness after the vaccine.

A group of students aged 12 and 13 are admitted, according to further reports.

In addition, 10 students have been admitted to the hospital due to the difficulty of breathing and breathing students.



# Re -explanation for Keheliya and others

*2024-03-28 18:37:37*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/கெஹலிய-உள்ளிட்டோருக்கு-மீண்டும்-விளக்கமறியல்/175-335315)

Nine suspects, including former health minister Keheliya Rambukwella, have been extended.

Accordingly, everyone has been kept in detention until the 8th of April.

It is noteworthy that they have been arrested on charges of importing substandard human immunoglobulin drugs. Remble



# Punishment of police sticks for 500 bribery

*2024-03-28 18:36:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195042)

The Colombo Magistrate's Court today has been sentenced to a police sergeant who had obtained a bribe from a three-wheeler driver.

The suspect the police sergeant has been convicted of a three-wheeler driver to avoid legal action against a traffic offense.

The Bribery Investigation Commission (Investigation Investigation Commission had reported to the court on four charges against him.

Accordingly, Magistrate Judicial Prasanna Alwis has decided to be guilty of 4 charges.

Accordingly, each charge has been sentenced to four years in prison for 4 years and sentenced to pay the prison simultaneously.

...



# Ven. Siridhamma Thera released from PTA charges

*2024-03-28 18:18:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Ven-Siridhamma-Thera-released-from-PTA-charges/108-279785)

Colombo, March 28 (Daily Mirror) - The Colombo Chief Magistrate today ordered to release former Convenor of Inter University Bhikku Federation (IUBF) Ven. Galwewa Siridhamma Thera from a case filed for allegedly committing offences under the Prevention of Terrorism Act (PTA) during the Aragalaya protests in 2022.

Colombo Chief Magistrate Prasanna Alwis made this order considering the insufficient evidence against the suspect for charges under the PTA.

Ven. Siridhamma Thera was produced before court on November 23, 2022 after being detained under the Prevention of Terrorism Act (PTA) for 89 days.

...



# Cop sentenced to four years for accepting bribe of Rs. 500

*2024-03-28 18:16:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Cop-sentenced-to-four-years-for-accepting-bribe-of-Rs-500/108-279787)

Colombo, March 28 - The Colombo Chief Magistrate's Court sentenced a police sergeant to four years' imprisonment for accepting a bribe of Rs. 500, the Commission to Investigate Allegations of Bribery or Corruption said.

The Commission said the police sergeant was charged with accepting the bribe from a three-wheeler driver to avoid legal action over a traffic offence.

Following a notification from the Traffic DIG to the Commission to Investigate Allegations of Bribery or Corruption regarding the bribe, an open investigation was conducted.

...



# Four people end in murder

*2024-03-28 18:13:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195040)

Four persons were killed and 5 others were injured in a knife in the Rockeford area in the Independence State of the Ilaninoi, USA.

Wednesday had been stacked after a forced home event.

The deceased has been identified as a 15 year old girl, a 63-year-old woman, a 49-year-old man and a 22 year old youth.



# Another judge leaves by considering the petition

*2024-03-28 17:56:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195039)

Court of Appeal, Judge Nissanka Bandula Karunaratne to appoint the recommendation of the President as a Supreme Court judge. P. S. M. Another judge from the Supreme Court Bench, who has been tabled in the petition, has been resigned today (28).

This petition is today. Turairaja, A. H. M. D. The three-member judges with Nawaz and Arjuna Oyajuna Obeysekere.

The three-member panel of judges Judge Arjuna Obeysekere said that the petition would be withdrawn due to personal reasons.

Chief Justice Jayantha Jayasuriya was also decided to resign from the activities of the activities of the matter when the petition was taken up recently.

...



# British tourist flees hotel after false theft complaint

*2024-03-28 17:51:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/British-tourist-flees-hotel-after-false-theft-complaint/108-279784)

Alawathugoda, March 28 (Daily Mirror) - A British tourist, who allegedly made a false complaint about cash and belongings being stolen, is said to have fled from the hotel upon realizing that the police suspected the authenticity of the complaint.

The tourist, staying at a hotel in Rittandeniya, Alawathugoda reported to the Alawathugoda police that Rs. 477,884 in cash, two wrist watches and two cameras were stolen while he was dining on Wednesday night (27).

He claimed that the thief had broken the door lock to gain entry.

...



# The Sri Lankan football team met the president

*2024-03-28 17:49:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179925)

The meeting between President Ranil Wickremesinghe and the Sri Lanka National Football Team was held on Tuesday (26) at the Presidential Office.

The President congratulated the Sri Lankan football team against Bhutan against Bhutan in the four -nation -running football match at the Colombo Horse Racing Stadium.

The President promoted the Sri Lankan football team to win next year's South Asian Football Tournament (SAFF) and promised to cooperate with the development of the infrastructure required for football.

...



# Sinopec to start work on Sri Lanka refinery by June

*2024-03-28 17:43:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98268/sinopec-to-start-work-on-sri-lanka-refinery-by-june)

(Reuters) - The world’s largest refiner, China’s Sinopec plans to start work on a refinery in Sri Lanka by June, the power minister said on Thursday, advancing a project earmarked as the biggest investment in the crisis-hit island nation.

Sri Lanka is looking to attract investment in the battle to stabilise its economy and return to growth following a financial crisis caused by a severe shortfall of dollars in 2022 that led the economy to contract 2.3% last year.

Officials of Sinopec Overseas Investment Holding are visiting Colombo for talks with Sri Lankan authorities.

...



# Fuel refinery to Hambantota from China

*2024-03-28 17:41:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195038)

China's Syopech, China, has agreed to start the construction work of fuel refinery in the country.

Kanchana Wijesica, Minister of Power and Energy, told him that a group of people of Syhoppi had told him that.

The new refinery is to be established in Hambantota and has agreed to sign agreements.

The project has agreed to increase investment and increase the capacity of the refinery and the project is to commence in June.

The project was approved by the Cabinet last November and the investment was $ 4.5 billion.



# 3-trillion revenue earns

*2024-03-28 17:37:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195037)

Southeast Asian region is notorious for organized crimes on human trafficking and cyber crimes.

There have been several cyber criminal groups and networks in several occasions during the past few occasions.

According to commentators, the racket has expanded in the Southeast Asian region.

That online mechanism is the most refinement and the covard periodically, when people adopted.

The International Police has revealed that the unique trafficking of the unique in Southeast Asia is now spreading globally.

According to the International Police, the organized crime network has already earned US $ 3 trillion annually.

...



# New online reporting system launched for child sexual abuse

*2024-03-28 17:37:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/New-online-reporting-system-launched-for-child-sexual-abuse/108-279783)

A new online reporting system for child sexual abuse was launched today under the leadership of President Ranil Wickremesinghe.

The President's Media Division (PMD) said this initiative, implemented by the National Child Protection Authority (NCPA) in collaboration with the Internet Watch Foundation and sponsored by Save the Children & Child Fund, aims to swiftly remove any harmful content from the Internet.



# Development Lotteries Board to introduce digital lottery tickets

*2024-03-28 17:31:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/development-lotteries-board-to-introduce-digital-lottery-tickets-156493/)

ECONOMYNEXT – The Development Lotteries Board will introduce lottery tickets via digital technology, its Chairman and CEO Ajith Gunaratne Narangala has said.

“The board has initiated the introduction of lottery tickets via digital technology, aiming to provide consumers in the country with a novel experience,” Narangala was quoted in a statement by the president’s media division.

“Measures have been implemented to boost the prize money for both regular and newly introduced special lottery tickets of the Development Lotteries Board.”

...



# Sri Lanka Abans says McDonald’s local franchisee mainly owned by its MD, not subsidiary

*2024-03-28 17:28:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-abans-says-mcdonalds-local-franchisee-mainly-owned-by-its-md-not-subsidiary-156486/)

ECONOMYNEXT –  The local franchisee of U.S. brand McDonald’s is not a subsidiary of Abans PLC as widely claimed by local media but majority of its stake is owned by the company’s managing director, the Sri Lankan listed company said.

Sri Lanka’s Colombo Commercial High Court last week issued an order preventing the island’s McDonald’s restaurant franchisee from using the brand.

Local reports said McDonald’s Corporation had sought an order preventing Abans Plc from selling McDonald’s food items in Sri Lanka.

...



# A group of people injected schools hospitalized

*2024-03-28 17:19:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195036)

A group of students of a school in Kalutara area have been hospitalized due to a serious illness that occurred after a vaccine.

Roads sources said that 10 students have been hospitalized.

According to the sources, a group of students aged 12 and 13 years old, have been hospitalized.

It has been reported that students hospitalized are a fainting and respiratory discomfort.

