# #SriLanka :sri_lanka: News Bulletin

<div id="news_lk_bulletin">

*Updated* **2024-02-22 20:02:05**

1. **The Government Medical Officers' Association (GMOA) has raised concerns over the illegal practice of medicine by fake doctors in Sri Lanka.** [dailymirrorlk]

2. **Malalage Sudath Kithsiri alias 'Weliwita Sudda', a suspected kingpin behind drug trafficking, was arrested by the Kaduwela police with 15.300 grams of heroin.** [dailymirrorlk]

3. **The Department of Meteorology issued a 'Caution' level heat warning for North-Western province and Gampaha, Colombo, Hambantota, and Moneragala Districts due to rising temperatures.** [dailymirrorlk]

4. **Sri Lanka has exported tea worth $20 million to Iran under a barter trade agreement to partially repay its $251 million oil debts.** [adaderanalk]

5. **The Ceylon Electricity Board (CEB) plans to submit a proposal to the Public Utilities Commission of Sri Lanka (PUCSL) to reduce electricity tariffs that were increased in October last year.** [dailymirrorlk]

6. **A Sri Lankan national, Makavita Liyanage Dilesh, was fined $41,000 by the Seychelles Supreme Court for illegally fishing in the Seychelles Exclusive Economic Zone (EEZ).** [adaderanalk]

7. **Minister of Labour and Foreign Employment, Manusha Nanayakkara, has sought proposals to "completely stop" sending Sri Lankan women overseas to serve as housemaids.** [adaderanalk]

8. **The Meteorology Department has issued a warning about the rising heat index, which measures the temperature felt on the human body, expected to escalate to ‘Caution’ levels in several areas including the North-Western Province and districts including Gampaha, Colombo, Hambantota, and Moneragala.** [dailyftlk]

9. **Sri Lanka and Iran are exploring the possibility of expanding trade in oil bypassing the U.S. sanctions.** [dailymirrorlk]

10. **The Sri Lanka Navy apprehended a resident of Mundal, Mannar with a stock of 650 water gel sticks – a type of commercial explosive – during a search of a public transport bus in the Pallemunai area.** [adaderanalk]

</div>

[Previous](data) Bulletins

## Methodology

This bulletin has been autogenerated by OpenAI's [gpt-4-0125-preview](https://platform.openai.com/docs/models/gpt-4-and-gpt-4-turbo) model, with the following prompt:

*Extract objective facts from this set of news articles, that might be of practical use to ordinary Sri Lankans,and present as 10 detailed bullets. EXCLUDE news not directly relevant to Sri Lanka. DO NOT repeat facts. EXCLUDE marketing/propaganda. EXCLUDE political opinions/statements by politicians. DO mention the name of the source, as "[newspaper]". EMPHASIZE named entities and statistics in bold.*

## Source News

Based on **182** News Articles, from the last **24** hours.

# GMOA slams Health Ministry over bogus doctors

*2024-02-22 18:28:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/GMOA-slams-Health-Ministry-over-bogus-doctors/108-277564)

Colombo, Feb 22 (Daily Mirror) - In the wake of scathing criticisms on the Ministry of Health's handling of the proliferation of fake doctors in Sri Lanka, the Government Medical Officers' Association (GMOA) has raised serious concerns over the rampant illegal practice of medicine across the country.

...



# Maldives visit of Chinese survey ship could rouse Indian Ocean security concerns - report

*2024-02-22 18:16:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97462/maldives-visit-of-chinese-survey-ship-could-rouse-indian-ocean-security-concerns-report)

(Reuters) - A Chinese research ship arrived in the Maldives on Thursday, global ship-tracking data showed, just three months after a similar vessel visited the Indian Ocean and sparked New Delhi’s security concerns.

The visit follows January comments by a U.S. think tank, that China’s navy could “leverage the insights gained from these missions” for deployment of naval forces, a claim Beijing calls part of a concocted image-smearing “China threat” narrative.

...



# The International Court should not demand the exclusion of Israeli soldiers from occupied Palestine - USA

*2024-02-22 17:11:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/177068)

The US has appealed to the International Court of Justice that Israel should withdraw its soldiers from the occupied Palestinian regions.

The US has urged the security of Israel to consider in any attempt to end the conflict.

Richard Wasak, the US State Department's legal adviser, said that Israel's actual security threats should be taken into consideration in any action on the exclusion of Israel from the Western Gaza.



# Criticism of the Goneswara Temple Council membersResolution to file a case against

*2024-02-22 17:05:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/177060)

Senior Attorney Thirukumaranathan said he would file a lawsuit against those who insult the lawyers against the members of the Goneeswara Temple Council.

The Trincomalee District Court issued an interim injunction on Wednesday (21) to prohibit members of the Goneeswara Temple Operation Council members.. Senior Attorney Thirukumaranathan was present in the case.

He added that the District Judge Ganesarajah had informed the district court that he would file a case against those who have issued comments on social media and directly on social media and directly on social media.



# Weliwita Sudda arrested

*2024-02-22 17:03:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Weliwita-Sudda-arrested/108-277563)

Kaduwela, Feb 22 (Daily Mirror) - Malalage Sudath Kithsiri alias 'Weliwita Sudda' suspected as a kingpin behind drug trafficking was arrested by the Kaduwela police. He had in his possession 15.300 grams of heroin at the time of arrest.

Police said the suspect who had fled from the area had been  absconding for a long time.

He was produced before the Kaduwela Magistrate Chanima Wijebandara and remanded till March 06.

...



# Appointment of members to Cobb Committee - Notice to Deputy Speaker's Council

*2024-02-22 16:49:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/177066)

Deputy Speaker Ajith Rajapaksa announced to the House on Thursday (22) that the members of the government have been appointed to the COPE Committee on Government Responsibility.

Accordingly, Jagath Pushpakumara, Janaka Wakumbura, Lohan Ratwatte, Indika Anurutha Herath, Shantha Bandara, Mahindananda Aluthgamage, Duminda Dissanayake, Rohitha Abeygunawardena, Nimal Lansa, UK. Sumith Udugumbura, Sanjeeva Enemy, Jagath Kumara Sumitrarachchi, (Major) Sudarshana Thenipidiya, Premnath C. Tolawatta, Upul Mahendra Rajapaksa, M. Rameshwaran, Rajika Wickramasinghe, Madurai Vidanage and Professor Ranjith Bandara have been appointed.



# Young people and women will be created to win the competitive world market - the President

*2024-02-22 16:46:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/177061)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe has promised to create a conducive environment for the youth of the country to revive vocational education to suit the modern world.

The President said that all vocational training institutes in the country are being integrated and brought under the same university structure and are planning to introduce new subjects.

President Ranil Wickremesinghe made this observation when he was conducting a supervision visit to Lalith Athulathmudali Vocational Training Center on Thursday morning.

...



# The punishment to the suspect who committed an offense in court

*2024-02-22 16:40:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/193710)

The Court has sentenced the court in prison in the Gangodawila Magistrate's Court.

Gangodawila Additional Magistrate Sanjaya Lakmal Wijesinghe has been sentenced to death.

The suspect had come to court today (22) to sit for the cases filed against him.

The suspect had thrown a parcel to the prison in the opening of the court.

The judge has been implemented instantly, while inspecting the parcel in charge of the judiciary in charge of the Judicial Office has been found.

The parcel has found 900 milligrams of ice narcotics.

He has been sentenced to six months in prison for six months under the accusation of insulting the judiciary.



# Court of Appeal ordered the beef

*2024-02-22 16:31:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/193709)

The Court of Appeal today (22) ordered that the orders issued by a strong drug dealer to be detained.

He is currently in the custody of the CID on detention orders.

Court of Appeal Judge D. N. The order was issued when he was called before Mr. Samarakoon.

If there are objections to this petition, the court ordered the respondents to file them before March 15.



# Appointment of members of special groups

*2024-02-22 16:30:45*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/சிறப்பு-குழுக்களின்-உறுப்பினர்கள்-நியமனம்/175-333676)

According to the resolution passed by Parliament on February 9, 2024, Deputy Speaker Ajith Rajapakse presented the names of the members appointed to work in the fifth session of the ninth Parliament on Thursday (22).

Ministry of Advisory Committee on Financial, Economic Stability and National Policy Affairs

Ministry of Advisory Committee on Women, Child Affairs and Social Strengthening Affairs

Ministry of Advisory Committee on Justice, Prison Affairs and Political Reorganization



# Sri Lanka stocks close up, turnover tops 1bn

*2024-02-22 16:30:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-stocks-close-up-turnover-tops-1bn-151985/)

ECONOMYNEXT – The Colombo Stock Exchange closed up on Thursday, data on its site showed.

The broader All Share Index closed up 6.05 points, or 0.06 percent at 10,655 while the S&P SL20 Index closed down at 3,064 points, up 0.18 percent, or 5.43 points.

Turnover was at 1.4 million. A large part of this came from trading in John Keells Holdings Plc (571 million); the share closed up at 194.00.

Expolanka Holdings Plc also saw large volumes being traded, contributing 202 million to the day’s turnover. The share closed up at 143.75.

...



# Contraband items seized from 2 cells at Boossa high-security prison

*2024-02-22 16:20:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97460/contraband-items-seized-from-2-cells-at-boossa-high-security-prison)

Several contraband items have been found inside two cells at the Boossa high-security prison, in which two criminal gang members were kept incarcerated.

During an unanticipated search operation conducted at the facility on Wednesday (Feb.21), the Police Special Task Force (STF) officers had discovered 4 mobile phones, one SIM card, a notebook containing telephone numbers and several mobile phone accessories.

According to reports, these items were found from the possession of a drug trafficker alias “Rewul Kumara and the brother of the infamous criminal gang leader “Kosgoda Tharaka”.

...



# Two years of destruction

*2024-02-22 16:19:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/193708)

Ukrainian and Russian war will be more than two years.

The number of countries that will be provided to Russia or the number of countries will be limited to Russia.

In particular, America publicly reprimanded China recently, saying that if the weapons of Russia would have to face sanctions.

It is reported that the North Korean leader Kim-other Russia, including the Western countries, has been supplied to Jong-Other Russia.

President Mahinda Rajapaksa reported yesterday that Sri Lanka was given a luxury limoust of livelihoods in Russia.

In addition, Iran was also present on Russia to provide the drones and other weapons to Russia.



# Temperature increase;Warning to 8 districts

*2024-02-22 16:18:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/177051)

Temperatures have increased since yesterday in many districts in the country.As a result, the Department of Meteorology has issued a warning to 8 districts.

High temperatures will be recorded tomorrow (23) in Colombo, Gampaha, Kurunegala, Puttalam, Anuradhapura, Trincomalee and Moneragala districts.

Therefore, it is advised to wear a pale thin clothing to avoid unnecessary walking in public publications.



# Opposition to Ramadan Food Ceremony

*2024-02-22 16:09:32*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/ரமலான்-உணவு-விழாவுக்கு-எதிர்ப்பு/175-333674)

Since the Ramadan fasting season begins on March 12 this year, arrangements are being made for the Food Festival in Bangalore.. In this case, the Brazer Town Resident Welfare Association has protested the food festival. 3,500 people signed on behalf of the association.. They have filed a petition with Srinivasa.

They said in their petition: “Heavy traffic congestion in Brazer Town for 40 days due to the Ramadan Food Festival. Thus, those who go to work are severely affected. A cylinder exploded at a shop at last year's food festival. The patient's ambulance was unable to arrive to rescue the injured.

...



# Indian Fisheries Attakasam

*2024-02-22 16:09:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/177047)

More than ten Indian drainage boats have been cut off the Vadamarachchi East Valley Sea on Thursday (22).

Four boats that went to fishing today to fish in the shore were carrying out their valuables.

The furious fishermen immediately returned to shore with the push nets for the safety of the Indian trawling boats.

The two boats were simply returning to shore without any nets, as there were no nets belonging to the two boats.

Most of the fishermen, with a few nets, returned to the shore and appealed to the fishermen's association.

The fisherman who has been affected by the Indian drag boats

...



# Court orders the court intentional

*2024-02-22 15:40:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/193707)

The suspect was arrested until March 07 on March 07.

The order was submitted to the Mount Lavinia Magistrate today after the 30-year-old suspect arrested by the Dehiwala police.

The accident occurred at around 9.45 am yesterday at the Kadawatha road in the Dehiwala Police Division.

The accident occurred when the car was hit by a person who was traveling from a traffic motorcycle.

The police were rushed to the Kalubowila hospital, police said.

The deceased is a 52 year old resident of Moratuwa, Katubedda, Katubedda.

...



# Sri Lanka parliament appoints members to committees including COPE, COPA

*2024-02-22 15:40:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-parliament-appoints-members-to-committees-including-cope-copa-151978/)

ECONOMYNEXT — Sri Lanka’s parliament has announced the names of legislators appointed to a number of committees, including the Committee on Public Enterprises (COPE) and the Committee on Public Accounts (COPA).

A statement from parliament citing Deputy Speaker Ajith Rajapakse said on Thursday February 22 that 19 members have been appointed to COPE.

...



# Sri Lanka, Vietnam to cooperate on agriculture

*2024-02-22 15:37:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-vietnam-to-cooperate-on-agriculture-151979/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka and Vietnam have signed an agreement to develop the agricultural sector in the island.

The agreement will include the exchange of agricultural technology, studies and research, expertise, production of advanced seeds, application of fertilizers and pesticides, and training of farmers and officials to increase harvests.

Sri Lanka’s Minister of Agriculture and Plantation Industry Mahinda Amaraweera and Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development of Vietnam Minh Hoan Le signed a memorandum of understanding on Wednesday, a statement by the Government Information Department said.

...



# President outlines plans to amalgamate vocational training institutes in Sri Lanka

*2024-02-22 15:25:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97459/president-outlines-plans-to-amalgamate-vocational-training-institutes-in-sri-lanka)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe on Thursday (Feb.22) underscored that restructuring of vocational education should align with the demands of the modern world, ensuring that the country’s youth are equipped to excel in the competitive global job market.

He also outlined plans to consolidate all vocational training institutes in Sri Lanka into a single vocational college, offering contemporary subject-related courses, the President’s Media Division (PMD) said.

Wickremesinghe conveyed these initiatives during his observation tour at the Ratmalana Lalith Athulathmudali Vocational Training Centre, where he interacted with the students.

...



# Meteorological Department alert

*2024-02-22 15:25:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/193706)

The Department of Meteorologies has issued a 4-color warning announcement.

The announcement shows that the temperature that is considered to be attentive should be paid at some places in the island.

According to the Department of Meteorology, in the North Western and North Central provinces, the Department of Meteorology states that this situation can occur.



# Two arrested for robbing gold of 29 pounds

*2024-02-22 15:24:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/193705)

A husband who robbed a house has been arrested by the police to another woman to give his wife a gift for the Valentine Day on February 14.

The arrested suspect, a 4 year old, a 49-year-old woman, a 49-year-old woman.

The two have lay a house in Velvettithurai, where they had fled 29 pounds.

Police have arrested the suspect when they were later going to a height in Jaffna.

The woman had received information on suspicion that the woman had mortaged by the plant.



# Heat advisory issued warning of increased temperatures

*2024-02-22 15:23:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97458/heat-advisory-issued-warning-of-increased-temperatures)

The Department of Meteorology has issued a Heat Index Advisory for tomorrow (Feb. 23) for several parts of the country including Gampaha and Colombo districts.

The heat index, the temperature felt on the human body is expected to increase up to ‘caution’ level at some places in North-western and North-central provinces and Gampaha, Colombo, Hambantota and Trincomalee Districts, it said.

The advisory states that under this level of temperature, fatigue is possible with prolonged exposure and activity while continuing activity could result in heat strokes.

...



# Merchant Bank of Sri Lanka and Finance given ‘BBB+(lka)’ rating by Fitch

*2024-02-22 15:13:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/merchant-bank-of-sri-lanka-and-finance-given-bbblka-rating-by-fitch-151974/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Fitch Ratings said it assigned Merchant Bank of Sri Lanka and Finance Plc (MBSL) a first-time national long-term rating of ‘BBB+(lka)’.

“MBSL’s rating is driven by our view that the parent, BOC, would provide extraordinary support to MBSL, if required,” the rating agency said.

“We assess MBSL’s standalone credit profile as being weaker than its support-driven rating because of its small franchise with 1.8% market share of sector loans, evolving business model, and weak financial profile, which is reflected in its poor asset-quality metrics, weak profitability and high leverage.”

...



# MPs appointed to parliamentary committees announced

*2024-02-22 15:07:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97457/mps-appointed-to-parliamentary-committees-announced)

The lists of names of the members appointed to several parliamentary committees during the Fifth Session of the Ninth Parliament have been announced.

This was communicated to the House by Deputy Speaker Ajith Rajapakse this morning (Feb.22).

Ministerial Consultative Committee on Finance, Economic Stabilization and National Policies

Ministerial Consultative Committee on Women, Child Affairs and Social Empowerment

Ministerial Consultative Committee on Justice, Prisons Affairs and Constitutional Reforms



# An artificial intelligence is a cold war between the economic powers

*2024-02-22 15:07:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/193704)

A sharp cold war has arisen among the economic powers of the world, with the purpose of protecting and acquisition of artificial intelligence technology.

The year 2024 would decide that the year earlier in the advancement of AI technology.

The event was the most valuable company in the American Stock Exchange today, the leader of the product of a computer with a computer with ai technology.

The Nvidia was able to increase his capital's capital in the American stock market, defeating an alphabot of Amazon and Google.

The results were released yesterday on the final quarter of the end of the last quarter and had a great attention.

...



# Control of cigarette sale

*2024-02-22 15:05:04*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/சிகரெட்-விற்பனைக்கு-கட்டுப்பாடு/175-333661)

Health Minister Dinesh Kundurao filed the Karnataka Legislative Assembly on Wednesday (21).

He said, “The age limit is currently 18 in Karnataka. We determine this age limit as we 21 years old. Therefore, people under the age of 21 are banned from selling cigarettes in stores in Karnataka.

Not permitted to sell cigarettes from school-colleges at 100 meters. In case of this, a fine of Rs 100 to Rs 1,000. Smoking in public places is also a fine of Rs.

Cigarette sellers also sell other products. So they will be affected if they are more fined. That is why we have determined the fine.

...



# Sri Lanka repays $20m Iranian oil debt with tea

*2024-02-22 15:02:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Sri-Lanka-repays-20m-Iranian-oil-debt-with-tea/108-277561)

Colombo, Feb 22 (Daily Star) -  Sri Lanka said Wednesday it had exported tea worth $20 million to Iran to partially repay its $251 million oil debts, with Colombo saying Tehran's visiting foreign minister had expressed "satisfaction" at the deal.

"So far $20 million worth of tea has been exported to Iran under the barter trade agreement," Sri Lankan Prime Minister Dinesh Gunawardena's office said in a statement after talks with Iranian Foreign Minister Hossein Amir-Abdollahian.

...



# There is no need to cover up his personal views for a person who is a member of the party - Rajitha Senaratne

*2024-02-22 14:59:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/177043)

United People's Power MP Rajitha Senaratne says that one does not have to cover up his personal views for being a member of the party.

Rajitha Senaratne has recorded this comment on his Facebook page as the Executive Officer continues to voice his voice.

He said that there is no party that suits our policy conscience, as you are a member of a party or to hold positions in the party.

...



# Launch immediate probe on Sanath Nishantha’s death: Johnston

*2024-02-22 14:46:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Launch-immediate-probe-on-Sanath-Nishanthas-death-Johnston/108-277560)

Parliament, Feb. 22 (Daily Mirror)- The complaint made by late State Minister Sanath Nishantha's wife regarding the death of her husband must be investigated into soon and the culrpits brought to book if it was an organised murder, Sri Lanka Podujana Peramuna (SLPP) MP Johnston Fernando said today.

Speaking during the vote of condolence in Parliament on the late State Minister, he said it was suspicious whether the death of Sanath Nishantha was an organised murder or death due to an accident.

He said Nishantha's wife had complained to the CID as she deemed her husbands death as suspicous.

...



# Asia-Pacific countries unite for an agrifood systems transformation to ensure food security of future generations

*2024-02-22 14:42:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97456/asia-pacific-countries-unite-for-an-agrifood-systems-transformation-to-ensure-food-security-of-future-generations)

Forty countries from the Asia and Pacific region today agreed that transforming agrifood systems was imperative to providing food security for their children’s generation and beyond, the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) reported today.

The summation was delivered at today’s close of the 37th Session of the FAO Regional Conference for Asia and the Pacific (APRC37) in Colombo. The conference was hosted by the Government of Sri Lanka.

Forty countries of Asia and the Pacific attended the APRC, with the vast majority attending in-person, including some 20 government Ministers.

...



# 'Architect 2024': 42nd annual session

*2024-02-22 14:36:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/caption-story/Architect-2024-42nd-annual-session/110-277559)

The inauguration ceremony of the 42nd annual session of ‘Architect 2024’ of the Sri Lanka Institute of Architects (SLIA) was held today at the BMICH. The ceremony will include the formal induction of newly elected Chartered Architects for 2023, the presentation of SLIA Design Awards, Colour Awards, Research Awards and Product Awards for 2024. Pix by Kithsiri de Mel



# University student dies

*2024-02-22 14:28:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/193703)

A student of the 22-year-old Ramesh Sagandan, who was studying in the University of Jaffna, has been identified.

The accident had occurred as he was traveling to the motorcycle while he was traveling from the motorcycle to Niweli yesterday (21).

The student who was seriously injured, died while receiving treatment at the Jaffna Hospital.



# Two persons, including a husband who stole 29 pounds of jewelery for giving his wife on Valentine's Day

*2024-02-22 14:16:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/177039)

Two men, including her husband, were arrested in Jaffna for allegedly stealing 29 pounds of jewelery for gifting his wife on Valentine's Day.

A 25 -year -old man from Valvettithurai in Jaffna and a 49 -year -old woman from Kayts were arrested by the Kankesanthurai Regional Crime Branch.

On Valentine's Day, 29 pounds of jewelery were stolen inside the elderly home in Valvettithurai.

A woman was arrested yesterday when he went to mortgage 4 pounds of jewelery in Jaffna.

Following the investigation into the suspect, the main suspect was arrested with a 25 -pound talisman.



# Prasanna proofs the Gulface Struggle premises

*2024-02-22 14:03:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/193702)

Urban Development and Housing Minister Prasanna Ranatunga says that no investor has not given the Gulface Struggle premises.

The statement made by MP Vijitha Herath in Parliament was preparing to lease the area to a casino business.

Minister Prasanna Ranatunga said that when the government acts to bring investors to the country, the opposition is trying to sabotage it.

The Minister further stated that although contrary to the rules of government rules, no land will be provided to foreign investors.



# Sri Lanka, Vietnam sign MoU to exchange agricultural technology

*2024-02-22 14:01:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Sri-Lanka-Vietnam-sign-MoU-to-exchange-agricultural-technology/108-277558)

Colombo, Feb 22 (Daily Mirror) - A memorandum of understanding (MoU) was signed between Sri Lanka and Vietnam on a number of issues, including the exchange of agricultural technology and the development of the agricultural sector in both countries.

Agriculture and Plantation Industry Minister Mahinda Amaraweera and Agriculture and Rural Development Minister of Vietnam Minh Hoan Le held bilateral discussions yesterday (21) in conjunction with the 37th Asia Pacific Conference of the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization.

...



# Government refutes plans to provide ‘Aragalaya site’ for casino

*2024-02-22 14:00:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Government-refutes-plans-to-provide-Aragalaya-site-for-casino/108-277557)

Parliament, Feb. 22 (Daily Mirror)- The government refuted any plans to provide the Galle Face 'Aragalaya site' where the 'GotaGoGama' agitation was held, to establish a casino.

Chief Government Whip and Urban Development Minister Prasanna Ranatunga said the government had not taken any decision to provide the 'Aragalaya site' to establish a casino as alleged by NPP MP Vijitha Herath.

He said a proposal had been received from Barl Investment Pvt. Ltd. for a mixed investment project at Baladaksha Mawatha, Colombo 03 and that an MoU had been signed with the investor on February 16, 2024.

...



# Archaeological sites in Afghanistan bulldozed for ‘systematic looting’

*2024-02-22 13:55:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97455/archaeological-sites-in-afghanistan-bulldozed-for-systematic-looting)

More than 37 archaeological sites in Afghanistan have been destroyed and targeted with “systematic looting” under the Taliban-run government, according to researchers at the University of Chicago.

Researchers at the university’s Center for Cultural Heritage Preservation identified 162 ancient settlements that faced devastation at an alarming rate between 2018 and 2021, continuing at 37 sites since the Taliban returned to power in 2021.

...



# Telephone and more items

*2024-02-22 13:49:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/193701)

Several mobile phones and accessories have been taken into custody by two mobile phones and accessories at the bus.

The Sudden Examiner of Police (Narcotic Comrade Kosgoda) has been found in the prison, which has stayed at the Syriad and a drug dealer, where the Suddenrian, a drug dealer who stays in the area.

Several four mobile phones, SIM card, phone numbers and several phone devices were found.

They were handed over to the Special Task Force Commanding Officer's Office for further investigations.



# Explanation for a person who stole fruit worth Rs 46,000 in Nuwara Eliya

*2024-02-22 13:38:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/177037)

Nuwara Eliya Magistrate's Court Judge Prabhudika Langanthini has ordered a person who stole 46,000 rupees worth of fruits at a shop in Topas area on Nuwara Eliya -Kandy main road until Monday 26th.

On the orders of the Chief Inspector of the Nuwara Eliya Police Headquarters, Premalal Hattiyarachchi, the Criminal Investigation Officer of the Criminal Investigation Department, Hindu Munnil, was conducting investigations on the complaint lodged by the Nuwara Eliya Crime Police.

...



# CEB media spokesman resigns with adequate lamp light

*2024-02-22 13:32:33*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/ලාම්පු-එළිය-ප්‍රමාණවත්-කියූ-ලංවිම-මාධ්‍ය-ප්‍රකාශක-ඉල්ලා-අස්වෙයි/11-408231)

Ceylon Electricity Board (CEB) Spokesperson Noel Priyantha resigned from the post, Power and Energy Minister Kanchana Wijesekara had issued an announced that he issued a message from the post.. Noel Priyantha recently created a statement in the Rupavahini Program and was severely criticized in Parliament in Parliament.He later expressed his regrets and issued a statement.

Meanwhile, Prime Minister Dinesh Gunawardena emphasized in parliament today that disciplinary action will be taken regarding the statement of the CEB SSP.



# New story about the online bill

*2024-02-22 13:32:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/193700)

DIG Ruwan Gunasekara says that the bill is further practical to bringing some amendments to the security of online methods.

He was speaking at a seminar held at the Finance Ministry auditorium yesterday (21) to inform the Act.

DIG Ruwan Gunasekera said that the civil proceedings can be filed according to the bill and protecting those affected by the prohibited statements.

He also said that the purpose of this bill is also aimed at preventing the claims of contempt into court.

He said the purpose of this bill is also a purpose to prevent the identification of the wrong accounts, repeated communication.

...



# Vietnam to share digital agriculture expertise with Sri Lanka

*2024-02-22 13:26:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97453/vietnam-to-share-digital-agriculture-expertise-with-sri-lanka)

Vietnam’s Agriculture and Rural Development Minister, Minh Hoan Le called on Sri Lankan Prime Minister Dinesh Gunawardena at Temple Trees in Colombo on Wednesday (Feb.21).

They have discussed close bilateral ties and ways and means of enhancing cooperation in many spheres, especially on rural development and social empowerment, according to the PM’s Office.

Vietnamese Minister thanked Sri Lanka for the support extended during the Vietnamese liberation movement. He said Sri Lanka was one of the first countries to recognize Vietnam immediately after its independence and unification.

...



# Enjoining order issued restraining ITAK from holding national convention

*2024-02-22 13:21:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Enjoining-order-issued-restraining-ITAK-from-holding-national-convention/108-277555)

Colombo, Feb 22 (Daily Mirror) - The Trincomalee District Court issued an enjoining order restraining office bearers of Ilankai Tamil Arasu Kadchi (ITAK) from holding the National Convention which was scheduled to be held on February 19.

The District Court made this order consequent to a plaint filed by plaintiff Chandrasekaram Para, a member of the ITAK, and this enjoining order will be effective till February 29.

The plaintiff is challenging the election of the newly elected leader of the ITAK based on alleged irregularities followed at the election.

...



# Periods

*2024-02-22 13:11:04*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/வன்னி/கொக்குத்தொடுவாய்-எச்சங்களின்-காலங்கள்-அறிவிப்பு/72-333657)

Attorney -at -Law VK Najanjan said in a statement from Raj Somadeva that the remnants of the Kokkuttuwai human burial ground were from 1994 to 1996.

The case regarding the excavation work of the Kokkudoduwai human burial excavation was taken up for hearing on Thursday (22) under the patronage of Mullaitivu Magistrate Dharmalingam Pradeepan.

Mullaitivu Magistrate's Court Judge T. Pradeepan brought to the notice of the Mullaitivu Magistrate's Court on the basis of the fact that Professor Raj Somadeva was sent to the House of Commons.

...



# British instagrammer’s appeal against her deportation dismissed

*2024-02-22 13:06:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/British-instagrammers-appeal-against-her-deportation-dismissed/108-277553)

Colombo, Feb 22 (Daily Mirror) - An appeal application filed by a British woman instagrammer Kayleigh Fraser challenging the authorities' decision to deport her from Sri Lanka has been dismissed by the Supreme Court.

Kayleigh Fraser who had been documenting Sri Lanka’s anti-government protests on social media filed this appeal challenging the legality of the Court of Appeal decision to dismiss her writ petition. In her writ petition, the appellant sought an order to quash the decision of the Department of Immigration and Emigration to deport her in an arbitrary manner.

...



# Sri Lanka to get update on GSP+ cycle at EU joint commission meeting

*2024-02-22 13:05:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-to-get-update-on-gsp-cycle-at-eu-joint-commission-meeting-151961/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka will get an update on the GSP+ trade concessions at a Joint Commission meeting with the European Union, the Foreign Ministry said.

Three working groups on Governance, Rule of Law and Human Rights, Trade and Economic Cooperation, Development Cooperation will report to the Joint Commission.

“The European Union will also brief on the current developments in the EU including an update on new GSP Regulation and the new cycle of the EU GSP+ concessions,” the statement said.

...



# Murder of Australia permit

*2024-02-22 12:57:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/193699)

Sydney police say that a couple of couple and their young child were assassinated.

At the place where he performed his training class, a seven-year-old boy and his mother had been killed and his mother had gone into a vehicle.

The 49-year-old suspect is a South Korean and he has been hospitalized with cut injuries.

The murders had been conducted last Monday that night and said that the suspect had arrived at the hospital on a car parking.

However, it was revealed that the man had been admitted to the hospital on the same evening and had been hospitalized.



# Presidential election will be held in due time - Wijeyadasa

*2024-02-22 12:56:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97452/presidential-election-will-be-held-in-due-time-wijeyadasa)

The Presidential Election will be held in due time, in compliance with the constitutional provisions, says Justice Minister Wijeyadasa Rajapakshe.

He said the members of the public should not have any undue fears in this regard, the lawmaker added.

Meanwhile, MP Gunapala Rathnasekara said the Freedom People’s Congress has yet to decide on supporting a presidential candidate in the upcoming election.



# There is no funding to carry the hook of human burial excavation;Resolution in March

*2024-02-22 12:54:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/177032)

The case of the crane touches was taken under the leadership of Mullaitivu District Magistrate Dharmalingam Pradeepan on Thursday.

The excavation of the human burial found in the Kokkudoduwai area took place in two phases. The first phase of excavation began on 06.09.2023 and held eleven days and 17 trunks were recovered. The second phase of the excavation began on 20.11.2023 and 40 skeletal blocks were recovered for nine consecutive days and the second phase was suspended.

...



# Bad upside down and Sachin;Video

*2024-02-22 12:53:57*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/பிரதான-விளையாட்டு/தலைகீழாக-பேட்-பிடித்து-அசத்திய-சச்சின்-காணொளி/44-333656)

Cricket Jambavan Sachin Tendulkar has left the love and affection of fans after retirement. Wherever he travels, the fans greeted him and enjoyed photographing him and playing cricket

In this case, Sachin has been touring Jammu and Kashmir for the past few days with his wife Anjali and daughter Sarah.. He went to various tourist attractions during the trip and enjoying playing cricket with local fans and boys.

...



# The concept that insults the plantation people is submissive: Take disciplinary action against the EMC spokesman - Opposition Leader

*2024-02-22 12:53:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/177026)

The Electricity Board (CEB), who has been insulting the plantation people, should take the post of media spokesman against him and take disciplinary action against him. Opposition leader Sajith Premadasa said that I strongly condemn the subversive comments to insult the people of the hill country.

Prime Minister Dinesh Gunawardena said that the spokesman of the Electricity Board (CEB) has advised him to investigate the reality of the comment and take disciplinary action against him.

The Leader of the Opposition, who presented a special statement during the session held in Parliament on Thursday (22).

...



# Thirteen Sri Lankans arrested in Dubai

*2024-02-22 12:53:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/177033)

Thirteen Sri Lankan suspects, including two men, who were shot dead in Beliatta, were arrested by Dubai police yesterday (21).

Among the detainees, Urakhaha Michael, who is suspected of involvement in the Beliatta murder.

These 13 Sri Lankans were trapped when police arrested many people during a nightclub in Dubai.

Further investigations have revealed that the criminals were arrested by the international police.

In this backdrop, a team of Criminal Investigation Department officials will go to Dubai to take further legal action on the basis of the details of the arrest of 13 Sri Lankans.



# Yall. Land acquisition for airport expansion;The President's Secretary of the President

*2024-02-22 12:51:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/177029)

A letter has been sent to the Secretary of the Ministry of Ports, Shipping and Airlines, Ruwan Chandra, to send reports on the redemption of 500 acres of land released to the Jaffna International Airport.

The President of the Kurumbasiti J/242, Kattuvan West J/239, Kupilan North J/211, Mayiliti South J/240Anganan Ramanathan, a member of the Jaffna and Kilinochchi District Parliament and Deputy Chairperson of Parliamentary Committees, had informed the writing.

...



# Suspect arrested for renting vehicles

*2024-02-22 12:33:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/193698)

A person has been arrested for renting and false documents and mortgaged others.

The arrests were made by Ruwanwella Police and these vehicles have been given to various abuse.

The police have found 5 vehicles in possession of the suspect when the arrests were carried out.



# Independent views should not be suppressed just because one joins a party: Rajitha

*2024-02-22 12:31:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Independent-views-should-not-be-suppressed-just-because-one-joins-a-party-Rajitha/108-277554)

Colombo, Feb 22 (Daily Mirror) -  Samagi Jana Balawegaya (SJB) MP Rajitha Senaratne who has been continously expressing his support for the scrapping of the Executive Presidency today stressed that one should not suppress his or her independent views just because he or she belongs to a political party.

"I don't think you should keep suppressing your independent views just because you have joined a party or are holding a post in it. There is no party in the world that fits into  our ideology or conscience," Dr. Senaratne said in his latest Facebook Post.

...



# Today's currency exchange rate

*2024-02-22 12:25:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/177030)

The US dollar purchasing price was Rs 306.5399 and the sales price were 316.0679 based on the currency exchange rate released by the Central Bank on Thursday (February 22).



# The Health Department should be aware of the physical effects of bovit vaccines - State Medical Officers Association

*2024-02-22 12:20:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/177027)

Medical experts have urged the Sri Lankan health department to be aware of the fact that it has been revealed by the universal research.

The Government of Sri Lanka's Association's spokesman Samil Wijayasinghe said that it is best to go to Sri Lanka alert due to the seriousness of international research.

He said that Sri Lanka is alerting the side effects of homemade people, he said.

At the same time, the SC of Sri Lanka said that it was not possible to do so as Sri Lanka was carried out in an alternative environment.

...



# The proposal to reduce electricity tariffs to the Public Utilities Commission

*2024-02-22 12:15:15*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/විදුලි-ගාස්තු-අඩුකිරීමේ-යෝජනාව-මහජන-උපයෝගීතා-කොමිසමට/11-408230)

The Sri Lanka Electricity Board has confirmed that the revised proposal to reduce electricity tariffs will be referred to the Public Utilities Commission today (22).. The Ceylon Employees Associations, Consumer Associations have been constantly demanded on the reduction of electricity tariffs.

As the Minister Kanchana Wijesekered in parliament yesterday (21), it would reduce the electricity bill in October last year.



# Release 18 fishermen who cross the border;Prison

*2024-02-22 12:11:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/177023)

18 fishermen who have crossed the Sri Lankan waters have been released and sentenced to death.

On the 7th of this month, 19 Indian fishermen who were fishing along the border were arrested in the Nedundevu sea with two boats.

A case was filed against them in the Kayts court on the day.

In this case, the magistrate ordered all of them to be interrogated. The case was taken up again at the Kayts Court today (22).

In response to today's case, 7 Indian fishermen who were traveling in a boat with Ind/TN/10/mm/925 were released and the boat was released with the conditions of the five -year -old 18 -month imprisonment.

...



# Resignation

*2024-02-22 12:06:03*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/நோயல்-பிரியந்த-இராஜினாமா/175-333653)

Media Spokesperson of the Ceylon Electricity Board

Power Minister Kanjana Wijesekera said that he has publicly apologized for his comment that students should be educated in the light of the bottle lamp.

Media spokesman of the Ceylon Electricity Board (CEB) Media Spokesperson, Nyol Priyantha, interviewed the media that the children of the plantations should be educated in kerosene lamps.

In this regard, Opposition Leader Sajith Premadasa questioned in Parliament on Thursday (21).

...



# India’s BAL Investment interested in land around aragalaya site

*2024-02-22 12:00:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/indias-bal-investment-interested-in-land-around-aragalaya-site-151950/)

ECONOMYNEXT – India’s BAL Investment has expressed interest in a land in Colombo which was used as a popular people’s protest site in 2022.

“An acre of land at Baladaksha Mawatha was requested for a joint development project by Bal Investments,” Prasanna Ranatunga, Minister of Urban Development and Housing said in parliament on Thursday.

...



# Switzerland to ban Hamas after Israel attacks

*2024-02-22 11:58:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97451/switzerland-to-ban-hamas-after-israel-attacks-)

Switzerland’s government said on Wednesday it wants to ban Hamas after the Palestinian militant group’s attacks in Israel last year which killed nearly 1,200 people and sparked a war in Gaza.

Bern said it was taking action after the attacks on October 7 which killed two Swiss nationals and resulted in nearly 250 people being taken hostage.

In response, Israel launched a military assault on Gaza that local health authorities say has killed nearly 29,000 Palestinians with thousands more feared lost amid the ruins.

...



# Kokkuttuvai Human Burial Case Today

*2024-02-22 11:36:37*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/கொக்குதொடுவாய்-மனித-புதைகுழி-வழக்கு-விசாரணை-இன்று/175-333650)

The human burial case was found in the Mullaitivu District Court today (22).

Accordingly, the first phase of the human burial ground in Mullaitivu Kokkudoduwai area began on 06.09.2023 and held eleven days after the recovery of 17 trunks.

In addition, the second phase of the excavation was started on 20.11.2023 and 40 skeletal blocks were recovered for nine consecutive days and the second phase was suspended.

This was followed by the third phase of excavations to begin in March

Meanwhile, Professor Raj Somadeva has sent his report on the matter.



# Abuse of Periyappa: Why did the little girl refuse to say?

*2024-02-22 11:32:13*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/பெரியப்பாவால்-துஷ்பிரயோகம்-சிறுமி-சொல்ல-மறுத்தது-ஏன்/175-333649)

His grandfather has been arrested for allegedly sexually abusing a girl, 11 and 10 months old.

The incident took place in the Monaragama and Medagama police division in the Ratanatheniya Hogolla area.

Investigations have been found that the little girl, which is 11 and 10 months old, has been sexually abused for two years from time to time since 2019.

Neighbors who brought him to the attention of the police have caught him and handed him over to the police about the fact that one of them was hiding to steal the house.

...



# Arrested from Chennai to Jaffna

*2024-02-22 11:30:34*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/யாழ்ப்பாணம்/சென்னையிலிருந்து-யாழுக்கு-வந்தவர்-கைது/71-333648)

A man who was searching for the violence in Jaffna has been arrested on Wednesday (21) after a return to Jaffna in Tamil Nadu.

The suspect has been arrested for waiting at the airport premises on the basis of confidential information available to the police that the suspect is returning from Chennai to Jaffna International Airport.

Police said he was involved in violent incidents in Jaffna and Kopayi areas and a long -awaited suspect.

In addition, the suspect is being held in police custody and is conducting investigations, police said.



# Afghanists who destroy World Heritage

*2024-02-22 11:30:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/193697)

A researchers say that the archaeological value of archaeological value in Afghanistan has been destroyed using large machines.

It is also reported that some people have been excavated in search of antique value of antique.

The research has revealed that the satellite portions of satellite has been revealed that the Taliban, who captured the power of Afghanistan and fully supported by the previous government.

Researchers at the University of Chicago said that many archaeological value of many archaeological value in the colonies have been destroyed before 1,000 BCE.

...



# The mysterious death of the Madrasa student;Explanation for 4 suspects arrested

*2024-02-22 11:24:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/177020)

The Kalmunai Magistrate has ordered the four suspects, including the arrested CCTV technician, on charges of destroying the main forecasts involving the Sisirvi scene on the mysterious death of the Madrasa student.

The case was taken up in the presence of Kalmunai Magistrate MSM Samsuddin on Wednesday (21) and the four suspects arrested on charges of destroying the CCDRV videos at the request of Moulavi were present at the House.

Accordingly, four persons, including Sisirvi Technologist, were summoned to the Sainthamaruthu Police Station on Tuesday (20).. Under the guidance of Samsuddin, the Sub -Inspector of Police Rauf was arrested.

...



# Don't go near the forestry nearby

*2024-02-22 11:21:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/193696)

While roaming the Habarana forest reserve, a wild elephant was wandering at Habarana - Dambulla main road, and several tourists were invented by the Wanlon.

The animals are hanging on this road daily due to the use of food to provide food.

In the meantime, a person who was carrying tourists from a three-wheeler was stopped, and the camera had been given a photo near the tourist.

Meenals were previously reported beforehadowing the vehicle-wielding vessels in the face of such incidents.

Wildlife officials demand that tourists and passengers should avoid such risks.



# CEB spokesman resigns after insensitive comments

*2024-02-22 11:04:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/ceb-spokesman-resigns-after-insensitive-comments-151927/)

ECONOMYNEXT – The official spokesman of the Ceylon Electricity Board, Sri Lanka’s state-owned electricity supplier, has resigned from the post after controversial comments he made on a talk show sparked anger.

...



# Prime Minister assures action against CEB spokesman

*2024-02-22 10:55:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Prime-Minister-assures-action-against-CEB-spokesman/108-277550)

Parliament, Feb. 22 (Daily Mirror)- Prime Minister Dinesh Gunawardane assured Parliament that an inquiry will be held into the statement made by the CEB media spokesman and necessary action will be taken against him.

The Prime Minister told Parliament that instructions have been given to respective authorities to take disciplinary action against the media spokesman after an inquiry.

He said this in response to a question raised by Opposition Leader Sajith Premadasa that action must be taken against the CEB spokesman who had said that children should study under the light of oil lamps.

...



# Government to introduce E-Passport service to eliminate long queues at Immigration Dept.

*2024-02-22 10:55:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Government-to-introduce-E-Passport-service-to-eliminate-long-queues-at-Immigration-Dept/108-277551)

Colombo. Feb. 22 (Daily Mirror) - Efforts are being made to introduce the E-Passport service to eliminate the long queues at the Immigration and Emigration Department office in Battaramulla.

Addressing the media Minister, Tiran Alles said that long queues have been created to obtain passports for the Korean Language Proficiency Test.

He mentioned ongoing discussions with the Korean government to implement a system where passports are issued only to those who pass the exam.

Additionally, the Minister shared updates on measures being taken in various sectors across the nation.

...



# Medical fraternity urges health authorities to be on alert

*2024-02-22 10:54:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/top-story/Medical-fraternity-urges-health-authorities-to-be-on-alert/155-277552)

Colombo, Feb 22 (Daily Mirror) -  In light of recent findings suggesting potential rare occurrences of heart, brain, and blood disorders linked to certain Covid-19 vaccines, medical professionals in Sri Lanka urge the health authorities to remain vigilant on the development.

The study in question, conducted by researchers from the Global Vaccine Data Network, a research arm of the World Health Organization (WHO), unearthed Covid vaccines from companies like Pfizer, Moderna and AstraZeneca were linked to rare occurrences of heart, brain and blood disorders.

...



# Medical fraternity urges health authorities to go on alert

*2024-02-22 10:54:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/top-story/Medical-fraternity-urges-health-authorities-to-go-on-alert/155-277552)

Colombo, Feb 22 (Daily Mirror) -  In light of recent findings suggesting potential rare occurrences of heart, brain, and blood disorders linked to certain Covid-19 vaccines, medical professionals in Sri Lanka urge the health authorities to remain vigilant on the development.

The study in question, conducted by researchers from the Global Vaccine Data Network, a research arm of the World Health Organization (WHO), unearthed Covid vaccines from companies like Pfizer, Moderna and AstraZeneca were linked to rare occurrences of heart, brain and blood disorders.

...



# Medical fraternity urges health authorities to go on alert

*2024-02-22 10:54:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Medical-fraternity-urges-health-authorities-to-go-on-alert/108-277552)

Colombo, Feb 22 (Daily Mirror) -  In light of recent findings suggesting potential rare occurrences of heart, brain, and blood disorders linked to certain Covid-19 vaccines, medical professionals in Sri Lanka urge the health authorities to remain vigilant on the development.

The study in question, conducted by researchers from the Global Vaccine Data Network, a research arm of the World Health Organization (WHO), unearthed Covid vaccines from companies like Pfizer, Moderna and AstraZeneca were linked to rare occurrences of heart, brain and blood disorders.

...



# Ukraine War - More than 60 Russian soldiers killed in missile attack

*2024-02-22 10:51:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/177018)

More than 60 Russian soldiers have been killed in Ukraine missile attack, the BBC said.

The BBC has cited sources that the Ukraine missile strike was launched while the soldiers were ready for the arrival of a prominent officer at a training site in the Donetsk region.

A Russian official who has accepted the attack has not been exaggerated, but the number of casualties has been exaggerated.

Ukraine's missiles have been attacked while the Siberia -based regiment waited for the arrival of a commander at the training site near Trudawske village.

A Russian soldier said that their commanders were in an open space.

...



# UNP leaders - Bimal Ratnayake

*2024-02-22 10:47:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/177016)

83 Black Julie Crimes were carried out in the interim of the leadership of the United National Party (UNP) leadership under the leadership of JR Jayawardena, R. Premadasa and Ranil Wickremesinghe, said National Executive Member Bimal Ratnayake.

We observe that the National People's Power and the People's Liberation Front are increasing among the people in this country.

Therefore, the passengers against us are making unfounded and baseless false allegations against us.

...



# Electricity Board spokesman resigns

*2024-02-22 10:45:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/177013)

Ceylon Electricity Board (CEB) spokesman Noel Priyantha has resigned from the claim that students should be used to use the bottle.

Kanchana Vijayasekara has said that many people, including Minister Thondaman, have pointed out that the speaker of the Ceylon Electricity Board (CEB) has no business or compassion or compassion.

Minister of Electricity spokesman Kanjana Wijayasekara said that I am apologizing on behalf of the Ministry and the Electricity Board for his comments.

The Minister said that the Ceylon Electricity Board (CEB) has announced that he has resigned from his post and has demanded amnesty for his comments.



# Kokkuttuwai Human Burial 3rd Phase Excavation Case

*2024-02-22 10:39:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/177015)

The case of the Kokkuttuwai human burial excavation work is scheduled to take place today (22) at the Mullaitivu District Court.

The first phase of the human burial ground in the Kokkudoduwai area in the Mullaitivu district began on 06.09.2023 and 17 trunk was suspended and the second phase of the excavation was restored on 20.11.2023 and the second phase of the excavation was held on 20.11.2023.

It is also worth noting that the case will be taken up today for the ongoing third phase of excavations.



# Sri Lanka’s Seylan Bank to raise 10bn through debenture issue

*2024-02-22 10:36:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lankas-seylan-bank-to-raise-10bn-through-debenture-issue-151921/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Seylan Bank Plc said it was planning to raise up to 10 billion through a Basel III compliant debenture sale.

Subject to the approval of the shareholders, the bank will issue 100,000,000 Tier II listed, rated, unsecured, subordinated, redeemable debentures with a non-viability conversion at 100 rupees each, to raise 10 billion rupees.

“One hundred million (100,000,000) debentures will be issued in one or more issuances until 31st December 2024,” the bank said in stock exchange filing.

...



# Electricity Board (CEB)

*2024-02-22 10:35:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/193695)

The Ceylon Electricity Board (CEB), spokesman Noel Priyantha has resigned from his post.

A recent statement made a wide range of controversy in the society and later issued a statement.

The Minister of Power and Energy Kanchan Wijesekera has been resigned by Noel Priyantha, releasing a message.



# CEB spokesman resigns from post over controversial remarks

*2024-02-22 10:30:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97450/ceb-spokesman-resigns-from-post-over-controversial-remarks)

Eng. Noel Priyantha has tendered his resignation as the spokesperson of the Ceylon Electricity Board (CEB).

Power and Energy Minister Kanchana Wijesekera, taking to his X handle (formerly Twitter), said this was communicated to him by the CEB management.

The CEB spokesperson, who attended the ‘Big Focus’ program on Ada Derana on Tuesday, made controversial remarks that received backlash for lacking empathy.

When asked about the recent electricity tariff hikes and the burden it has placed on consumers, Priyantha said the tariffs should have been increased gradually over the years.

...



# Two arrested with firearms

*2024-02-22 10:30:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/193694)

A person who had a firearm in Sri Lanka has been arrested in the Medawala-Medammard area.

The suspect had been recovered on a raid on information received on information received by the Pinnawala police officers.

Meanwhile, a person who had been produced in the Ingiriya Quran area has also been arrested.

The suspect is a 28 year old resident of the Handadwa area.



# Resolution to remove illegal buildings in the area near the Polgola reservoir

*2024-02-22 10:28:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/177014)

The Kandy District Coordinating Committee has decided to conduct field inspections on the unauthorized buildings on both sides of the Tuttukemunu Mawatha, near the Kandy -Polgolla reservoir.

The Coordinating Committee Chairman and Member of Parliament Gunathilaka Rajapaksa has advised that the resolution is being made in accordance with the complaints received by the Kandy, Polgola Dam and the residents of the area without the permission of the Kandy, the residents of the area, and that pedestrians are in a state of disgust.

...



# Sri Lankan fined $41,000 for illegal fishing in Seychelles

*2024-02-22 10:20:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Sri-Lankan-fined-41-000-for-illegal-fishing-in-Seychelles/108-277548)

Feb 22, (Seychelles News Agency) - The Seychelles Supreme Court has convicted a Sri Lankan national to a fine of SCR 550,000 ($41,000) after being found guilty of illegally fishing in the island nation’s territorial waters, the police said on Wednesday.

According to the police, Makavita Liyanage Dilesh, 43, was the person in charge of the vessel Rankurulla 4 that was intercepted and arrested in the Seychelles Exclusive Economic Zone (EEZ) on November 24 last year.

...



# Minister apologises, spokesman resigns

*2024-02-22 10:13:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Minister-apologises-spokesman-resigns/108-277547)

Colombo, Feb 22 (Daily Mirro) - After facing severe criticism on social media for the remarks by Ceylon Electricity Board (CEB) media spokesman Noel Priyantha, Power and Energy Minister Kanchana Wijesekera has extended an apology on behalf of both the Ministry and the CEB.

In a recent television programme, Noel Priyantha sparked controversy by suggesting that children should resort to studying using oil lamps if necessary. He cited the precedent set by previous generations who excelled in their studies under similar conditions.

...



# Lottery outlet in MullaitivuIn a serious investigation police

*2024-02-22 10:10:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/177010)

A Lottery Sales Center in Vallipunam, Mullaitivu, has taken place.

It is reported that a Lotter outlet located in the Vallipunam area of the Mullaitivu Pudukkudiyiruppu police division has been suspected on the night of the 19th.

Inside the shop, the ray, a desk, and 120 lotter records have been set on fire.

Did the incident caught fire by the unknown?Or did you find a fire due to a different incident?Police are conducting intensive investigations at various angles.



# Sri Lanka rupee opens at 311.10/20 to the US dollar

*2024-02-22 10:02:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-rupee-opens-at-311-10-20-to-the-us-dollar-151917/)

WECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka’s rupee opened at 311.10/20 to the US dollar Thursday, from 311.30/50 on Wednesday, dealers said.

A bond maturing on 01.08.2026 was quoted at 10.80/11.00 percent.

A bond maturing on 15.09.2027 was quoted at 11.95/12.05 percent from 12.05/15 percent.

A bond maturing on 01.07.2028 was quoted at 12.20/25 percent.

The Colombo Stock market opened up; the All Share Price Index was up 0.05 percent at 10,655, and the S&P SL20 was up 0.05 percent at 3,071. (Colombo/Feb22/2024)



# A cone -shaped tent in the sea

*2024-02-22 09:51:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/177008)

An iron -cone -shaped tent in the Vadamarachchi East Kattaikkadu seas landed on Thursday morning (22).

The fishermen who went to the sea for fishing were immediately observed and informed the navy.

The fishermen's efforts to bring to the shore of the fishermen by their efforts to remove the tent were removed.

It is noteworthy that the Thailand flag was found in such tents in the recent past and that there was no flag in the tent.



# EU to brief Sri Lanka on new GSP Regulation today

*2024-02-22 09:51:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97449/eu-to-brief-sri-lanka-on-new-gsp-regulation-today)

The 26th session of the Joint Commission between Sri Lanka and the European Union (EU) will be convened today (Feb.22) in Brussels.

The meeting will be co-chaired by Sri Lanka’s Foreign Secretary, Aruni Wijewardane and EU European External Action Service Deputy Managing Director for Asia Pacific, Paola Pampaloni.

Sri Lanka delegation to the Joint Commission comprises senior officials of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Attorney General’s Department and Ministry of Finance.

...



# Resolution to stop sending women for homework abroad

*2024-02-22 09:44:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/177007)

The Minister of Labor and Foreign Employment has issued a directive to Manusha Nanayakkara to create a plan to stop sending women for homework overseas.

He has issued the order following a meeting with representatives of the Sri Lanka Foreign Employment Bureau and the Licensed Foreign Employment Agency Association.

At the same time, he emphasized in a statement issued by the Ministry on the importance of moving more skills and higher -paid employment opportunities to improve the rights of immigrant workers.

The action is being taken as the problems faced by Sri Lankan household workers abroad are on the rise.

...



# Kiriella asks for the fulfillment of promises

*2024-02-22 09:42:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/193692)

The Chief Opposition Whip MP Lakshman Kiriella requested Deputy Speaker Ajith Rajapaksa to give the Chairman of COPE and Kope committees.

Lakshman Kiriella stated that during the struggle that the plain was given to the Opposition, Mr. Lakshman Kiriella said.

Accordingly, Speaker Mahinda Yapa Abeywardena will be paid to the situation.



# Parliamentary proceedings begun

*2024-02-22 09:31:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/193691)

The arrangements have commenced today (22) under the patronage of Deputy Speaker Ajith Rajapaksa.



# Decision on Foreign Woman in Sri Lanka during the struggle of Gota Go village

*2024-02-22 09:19:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/193690)

The Galle Facer, the Controller of the British woman who stayed in the struggle of the 'Gota Go Village', asking for a delegation commanding command to leave the country during the struggle.The Supreme Court has ordered the dispatch of appeals petition.

Ada Derana reporter said that the petition filed by the petition filed by the woman's lawyers had ordered the petitioner to pay a cases of Rs. 250,000.

The decision has been announced by the Supreme Court Judge Gamini Amarasekera with the agreement of Judges of Shiran Gunaratne.

...



# Young woman arrested over murder of Buddhist monk at temple

*2024-02-22 09:14:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97448/young-woman-arrested-over-murder-of-buddhist-monk-at-temple)

The police have arrested a young woman in connection with the murder of a Buddhist monk, who was shot dead at a temple in the Malwathuhiripitiya area last month.

She was taken into custody in Aralaganwila on Wednesday (Feb.21), on suspicion of sheltering aiding and abetting the main suspect in the shooting, according to the police.

The 22-year-old suspect is reportedly a resident of Devagala area in Weragala.

In the early hours of January 23, a group of four assailants, who had arrived in a car, shot dead a Buddhist monk inside a temple in the Malwathuhiripitiya area of Gampaha.

...



# Many suspects arrested in Dubai

*2024-02-22 09:06:57*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/தேடப்பட்டு-வந்த-பல-சந்தேகநபர்கள்-துபாயில்-கைது/175-333641)

Investigations are being carried out with the International Police regarding the arrested persons.

It is noteworthy that the shootings, kidnapping and killings in the country are being operated from Dubai.. Remble



# Processing the presidential election

*2024-02-22 09:01:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/193689)

The Hon. Minister of Justice Dr. Wijedasa Rajapakse says that the presidential election will be properly held in accordance with the Constitution.

The Minister pointed out that the people should not be able to make any doubt.

Meanwhile, MP Gunapala Ratnasekera says that the freedom has not reached support any presidential candidate so far.

Mr. Gunapala Ratnasekera has said this by responding to a question raised by journalists.



# ’’Better if he did another job’’ - Hasaranga lashes out at umpire

*2024-02-22 08:58:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Better-if-he-did-another-job-Hasaranga-lashes-out-at-umpire/108-277534)

Dambulla, Feb 22 (Daily Mirror) - Sri Lanka's T20 captain lashed out at the umpiring during the third and final T20I against Afghanistan at Palekelle on Wednesday, claiming that a missed no ball call in the final over influenced his team's three-run defeat.

With 11 runs needed in the final three balls for Sri Lanka to win, a full toss from Afghanistan's fast bowler Wafadar Mohammad soared above the waist of all-rounder Kamindu Mendis, as he stepped out of the crease and attempted to heave the ball onto the leg side.

...



# Police Investigations into suspicious death

*2024-02-22 08:50:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/193688)

A person has lodged a complaint with the Dompe Police yesterday (21), saying that his son had assaulted his son.

Investigations have also been revealed that the police have also issued a court medical form to hospital.

Accordingly, Dompe police had received suspicious man near the Dompe Police Division in the Dompe Police Division yesterday afternoon.

The man died of fallen in the same way and was a 60 year old resident of the Tittapattapatta area.



# Forbidden material taken to the prison

*2024-02-22 08:49:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/193687)

The Colombo remanded has commenced a special investigation into two detainees attempting to take the prohibited substances into the rectangular.

The investigation was commenced in the Colombo Remand Prison.

The two suspects have been submitted to the Kaduwela Magistrate's Court yesterday (21) and resumed the prison emergency infatable.

The mobile phone, SIMP and four tobacco, which had been hidden in the rectum of a inmate, has also recovered four tobacco, four tobacco.



# Calcolion Festival Today

*2024-02-22 08:47:05*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/இன்று-கால்கோள்-விழா/175-333639)

The process of enrolling students to the first grade of state schools this year begins today (22).

The event will be held at the Embilipitiya Bodhiraja Vidyalaya under the patronage of Education Minister Susil Premajayantha.

The Ministry of Education has further stated that the process of enrolling students for the first grade will be taken at the provincial level.. Remble



# The beginning of action to connect students

*2024-02-22 08:47:05*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/மாணவர்களை-இணைக்கும்-நடவடிக்கை-ஆரம்பம்/175-333639)

The process of enrolling students to the first grade of state schools this year begins today (22).

The event will be held at the Embilipitiya Bodhiraja Vidyalaya under the patronage of Education Minister Susil Premajayantha.

The Ministry of Education has further stated that the process of enrolling students for the first grade will be taken at the provincial level.. Remble



# CEB to submit electricity tariff reduction proposal to PUCSL today

*2024-02-22 08:45:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97447/ceb-to-submit-electricity-tariff-reduction-proposal-to-pucsl-today)

The proposal seeking to reduce electricity tariffs will be handed over to the Public Utilities Commission of Sri Lanka (PUCSL) during the course of the day, the Ceylon Electricity Board (CEB) says.

Its spokesperson, Eng. Noel Priyantha said the state-owned electricity supplier intends to provide the benefits of the profits it earned to the consumers through this tariff revision.

Power and Energy Minister Kanchana Wijesekera told the Parliament yesterday (Feb.22) that the CEB expects to reduce the rates by at least the same rates and percentages increased in October 2023.

...



# SL,Iran explores oil trade expansions bypassing US sanctions

*2024-02-22 08:31:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/SL-Iran-explores-oil-trade-expansions-bypassing-US-sanctions/108-277528)

Colombo, Feb 22 (Daily Mirror) - Sri Lanka and Iran are exploring the possibility of expanding trade in oil bypassing the U.S. sanctions, an informed source said.  Iran is facing difficulties in trading goods after the US unleashed its “toughest ever” sanctions against that country over the nuclear deal.

Iranian Foreign Affairs Minister Hossein Amir Abdollahian who was in Sri Lanka is reported to have discussed the matter with the Sri Lankan leaders during his interactions with them.

...



# On [De]criminalizing Fantasies & Pinkwashing

*2024-02-22 08:30:27*

[colombotelegraphcom](https://www.colombotelegraph.com/index.php/on-decriminalizing-fantasies-pinkwashing/)

...



# Sri Lanka political leadership accepts 5 to 7-pct inflation without protest

*2024-02-22 08:22:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-political-leadership-accepts-5-to-7-pct-inflation-without-protest-151893/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka’s government headed by people’s representatives, had allowed macro-economists to generate up to 7 percent inflation without protest, under a controversial new monetary law, it has been revealed.

Under the new monetary law, President Ranil Wickremesinghe, had signed an agreement allowing the central bank to generate 5 percent inflation spiking up to 7 percent if mistakes are made.

...



# An oral cancer growth

*2024-02-22 08:08:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/193686)

The likelihood of oral cancer among the youth has increased, the Ministry of Health said.

Ms. Tanuja Karrija Karraja Pathiraja said that there was a growth of oral cancer during the past period.

Addressing a media brief held at the Health Promotion Bureau, Dhanu Karraja Karraja made this statement.

Meanwhile, Director of the Family Health Bureau has stressed that women have fallen shortly reduced cervical cancer.



# 531 arrested in the same month in Jaffna

*2024-02-22 08:06:41*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/யாழ்ப்பாணம்/யாழில்-ஒரே-மாதத்தில்-531-பேர்-கைது/71-333638)

531 people searched in Jaffna have been arrested within the last one month, police said.

The arrests have been arrested by the courts in connection with various crimes.

The 230 persons who were issued and 301 were issued by the police and were arrested by the police, police said.



# 531 arrested in the same month in Jaffna

*2024-02-22 08:06:41*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/யாழில்-ஒரே-மாதத்தில்-531-பேர்-கைது/175-333638)

531 people searched in Jaffna have been arrested within the last one month, police said.

The arrests have been arrested by the courts in connection with various crimes.

The 230 persons who were issued and 301 were issued by the police and were arrested by the police, police said.



# Immediately arrest cake Nona; MP request

*2024-02-22 08:01:00*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/கேக்-நோனாவை-உடனடியாக-கைது-செய்யவும்-எம்-பி-கோரிக்கை/175-333637)

Sri Lanka PA (SLPP) Parliamentarian Rohitha Abeygunawardena has called on the Speaker to take action against a woman named Cake Nona, who is alleged to have slandered her on social media.

Speaking in Parliament yesterday (February 21), Parliamentarian Abeygunawardena said that he would publish harmful records on the social media against the Inspector General of Police, Patriot and Tennakoon.

The SLPP MP has called on the woman to call her a thief through her social media posts and to arrest him immediately.

...



# Electricity bill will be reduced completely

*2024-02-22 07:53:31*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/மின்-கட்டணம்-முற்றிலும்-குறைக்கப்படும்/175-333636)

Minister of Power and Energy Kanchana Wijeshekara yesterday (21) said that a new proposal on the electricity tariff revision has been proposed to reduce the 18 per cent increase in electricity tariffs in October last year.

He said in Parliament that the electricity tariffs of domestic consumers and religious places were 18 per cent, 12 per cent for the industry and hotel sector, 12 per cent, public purposes, including public buildings, and that they would be reduced in the new amendment last October.

...



# Warning announcement to the people of several districts

*2024-02-22 07:53:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/193685)

With the hot weather, the Department of Meteorology has issued a reputation for several districts in the island.

The warm index will be increased in the North Western and Gampaha, Colombo and Moneragala Districts today (22).

The Director of the Department of Foreign Department said that the people should pay attention to this.

Meanwhile, Dr. Deepal Prarera says that with the warm weather conditions, there is a growth of child disease.

Specialist Dr. Deepala Perera added that children should limit the sun exposure to the sun.



# Sri Lanka nabs oil polluting tanker using satellite surveillance - report

*2024-02-22 07:52:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97446/sri-lanka-nabs-oil-polluting-tanker-using-satellite-surveillance-report)

The Marine Environment Protection Authority of Sri Lanka is touting its success at nabbing an “unauthorized oil release” as part of a sophisticated new satellite surveillance system it began testing with support from France.

According to the statement released by the authority on social media, it was the first successful case although they have already had more than 100 detection reports from the system.

...



# Suspect arrested for killing of monk

*2024-02-22 07:48:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/193684)

A young girl has been arrested in connection with the shooting of the shooting of a man of the Malwathana, Kahanarama Viharaya.

The suspect was arrested, protection, protection and collecting the actual information to protect the murder.

The police stated that she was arrested in the Weragala area in Aralaganwila morning.



# Amount of beauty cosmetics raided

*2024-02-22 07:24:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/193683)

A stock of beauty cosmetics containing chemical compounds, which are severely damaged, has been raided.

Police said that four selling stores of coatings used for beauty purposes fell.

The owners of the respective shop owners have been arrested and the Investigations have been seized by 1143 cosmetics.

The raid was carried out yesterday afternoon by the Walana Corruption Assistance Unit yesterday.

Residents of Kalagedihena, Moratuwa, Wattala, who have been arrested in the age group of 22,25,45,52.



# Electricity tariff resolution today

*2024-02-22 07:22:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/193682)

The Ceylon Electricity Board (CEB) says that the proposal to revise the electricity tariffs will be handed over to the Public Utilities Commission today (22).

According to the Engineer Priyantha said that the proposals will be submitted to the consumers with the objective of providing profits to the people.

The Ceylon Electricity Board Kanchana Wijesekara has stated that the Ceylon Electricity Board Kanchana Wijesekara has stated that the Ceylon Electricity Board (CEB) has been instructed to completely remove the new fees last year.



# N'T N'T N'T N'T CONSTRUCTION?Bringing funds

*2024-02-22 07:10:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/193681)

The Afghan group won the third match between Sri Lanka and Afghanistan by 3 runs.

However, Sri Lanka won the 20th tournament between the two countries.

The Afghan group scored 209 runs for the loss of 5 wickets at the end of the end of 20 overs.

Kurbas scored 70 runs and the Harakulla Sazai, 70 runs in the innings of Afghanistan.

Sri Lanka scored 206 runs for the loss of 6 wickets at the end of the first 20 overs.

Due to 19 runs and Kamindu Mendis scored 65 runs for the loss of Sri Lanka.

The Sri Lanka team told a media briefing regarding the fourth ball in the final will commented on the judge's decision.

...



# Central Bank shifts focus to medium-term inflation strategy

*2024-02-22 06:30:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Central-Bank-shifts-focus-to-medium-term-inflation-strategy/108-277521)

Addresses inherent lag in transmission that varies between 6-12 months

Approx. 2-month delay between policy decisions and effects on inflation

The Central Bank announced yesterday its intention to shift focus on inflation from the near term to medium term, citing the latter’s greater relevance for the decision-making processes.

This strategic adjustment, according to the monetary authority, aims to address the inherent lag in transmission that limits the immediate impact of policy decisions on near-term inflation outcomes.

...



# Central Bank shifts focus to medium-term inflation strategy

*2024-02-22 06:30:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/top-story/Central-Bank-shifts-focus-to-medium-term-inflation-strategy/155-277521)

Addresses inherent lag in transmission that varies between 6-12 months

Approx. 2-month delay between policy decisions and effects on inflation

The Central Bank announced yesterday its intention to shift focus on inflation from the near term to medium term, citing the latter’s greater relevance for the decision-making processes.

This strategic adjustment, according to the monetary authority, aims to address the inherent lag in transmission that limits the immediate impact of policy decisions on near-term inflation outcomes.

...



# Weather today

*2024-02-22 06:13:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/193679)

The Southern Province, the Southern Province and in the Southern Province can occur today (22).

The latest announcement issued by the Department appeared in the evening or night during the evening.

In addition, there are mainly rainy weather in the rest of the island.

In some places in the Western and Sabaragamuwa provinces, some places are expected to be found.



# Anura Kumara Dissanayake: The 'security of the elite regime'?Is the prospect of the common people?Take a decision '

*2024-02-22 04:29:28*

[bbccomsinhala](https://www.bbc.com/sinhala/articles/cp07724vn2no)

There is nothing here nor contains noviodio heading and land in NPP.

Anura Kumara Dissanayake: The 'security of the elite regime'?Is the prospect of the common people?Take a decision '

Are you standing for the safety of the elite regime?Or do you rally the needs of the public?That the people of the country should take a decision about going

Leader of the National Power Anura Kumara Dissanayake said in a discussion with BBC Sinhala service.

He is the candidate named the national folk force to contest the next presidential election.

...



# Tax and supply chain woes propel inflation to 6.5%

*2024-02-22 04:28:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Tax-and-supply-chain-woes-propel-inflation-to-6-5/108-277520)

Pettah’s night market, popularly known as ‘torch market’, where vendors light up the night with produce from across the island

Sri Lanka’s inflation expanded by 6.5 percent year-on-year in January, as the prices rose across almost all categories from the one-off impact from the higher Value Added Tax and supply chain disruptions caused by the weather-related conditions.

On a monthly basis, as measured by the National Consumer Price Index, the prices rose by 3.0 percent in January, from 1.4 percent a month ago, reaching the highest increase recorded in more than a year.

...



# Seylan Bank records strong performance in FY23, despite challenging environment

*2024-02-22 02:39:21*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/Seylan-Bank-records-strong-performance-in-FY23-despite-challenging-environment/34-758773)

Overall Statutory Liquid Assets Ratio at 38%; Total Capital Adequacy Ratio at 15.84%

Seylan Bank yesterday said it posted strong performance in FY23 despite the challenging environment.

The Net Interest Income of the Bank was reported as Rs. 40.1 billion in 2023 compared to Rs. 40.5 billion reported in 2022, a slight 1% drawback due to volatility in interest rates during the year. The Bank’s Net Interest Margin on Average Total Assets stood at 5.76% in 2023 compared to 6.33% in 2022.

...



# Sun Match honours founder’s legacy with ‘Navatha Avidimu’

*2024-02-22 02:35:11*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/Sun-Match-honours-founder-s-legacy-with-Navatha-Avidimu/34-758772)

Sun Match Company, the market leader and first company in Sri Lanka to produce wax coated safety matches under the trusted household brand ‘Soorya’ and manufacturer of incense, candles, and hygiene products, honoured the 21st death anniversary of its Founder, the late T.R.R. Rajan at an event recently held on 31 January 2024. The company marked the solemn anniversary by continuing its two-decade-long landmark corporate social responsibility initiative, ‘Navatha Avidimu’.

...



# Political and trade union activities should be avoided in hill country housing projects - Way. Radhakrishnan

*2024-02-22 02:22:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/177005)

The construction of houses in the upland plantations is welcome but the political and trade union activities should be avoided.. Radhakrishnan said.

He said this while addressing the debate on the current state of the country held in Parliament on Wednesday (21).

Houses were built on seven perch land that started on the people of the plantation. In that respect, the houses will be constructed in the same land without any improvement. It is important to bring changes to it as well as prioritizing the victims. The construction of houses in the upland plantations is welcome, but political and trade union activities should be avoided.

...



# No action will be stopped

*2024-02-22 02:21:40*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/எந்தவொரு-நடவடிக்கையும்-நிறுத்தப்படமாட்டாது/175-333635)

Public Security Minister Tran Ales said that no actions have been initiated to suppress the drug and the underworld and prevent violence against women and children.

He said this at a media briefing held at the Presidential Media Center yesterday. He further stated that

There is a series of measures to suppress drug and underworld and prevent violence against girls and children. We are not prepared to stop these activities, no matter what pressure.

...



# If everyone is united, the country can be developed

*2024-02-22 02:12:25*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/அனைவரும்-ஒன்றுபட்டால்-நாட்டை-அபிவிருத்தி-செய்யலாம்/175-333634)

If everyone is united as Sri Lankans, the country can lead to rapid development. President Ranil Wickremesinghe said that the future generation can build a safe country.

In a speech by the President inaugurating the 10th National Scout Jambori held at the Goneshwara Hindu College grounds in Trincomalee yesterday. When he further addresses,

"Not only scouts but everyone should do their responsibility for the country. The question is whether we all accomplish it. The problem is whether it will be fulfilled by the state. Two years ago we all faced hardship.

...



# High heat: alert people

*2024-02-22 01:56:41*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/அதிக-வெப்பம்-மக்களுக்கு-எச்சரிக்கை/175-333633)

A warning has been issued in the North Western Province and some districts.

The warning has been issued to the North Western Province and Gampaha, Colombo, Hambantota and Moneragala districts.

The Department of Meteorology has said that the heat that is felt in the human body is expected to continue at the level of observation.

The Department of Meteorology has instructed to adopt adequate water, not engaging in excessive fatigue, wearing white or pale clothes, and staying in shadowy places.. (A)



# Sri Lanka, Iran discuss Persian Gulf’s crucial role in broader Indian ocean security

*2024-02-22 01:54:22*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/Sri-Lanka-Iran-discuss-Persian-Gulf-s-crucial-role-in-broader-Indian-ocean-security/56-758764)

Iran’s Minister of Foreign Affairs Hossein Amir-Abdollahian, engaged in discussions with President Ranil Wickremesinghe during an official visit to Sri Lanka.

The meeting, held at the Presidential Secretariat on Tuesday, cantered on key issues including the ongoing violence in Gasa and opportunities for enhancing bilateral cooperation.

President Wickremesinghe reiterated the Sri Lankan Government’s firm stance on the Gasa conflict, emphasising the immediate necessity for violence cessation and the urgent need for a peace settlement.

...



# Met. Dept. warns public on heat index in several districts

*2024-02-22 01:53:18*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/Met-Dept-warns-public-on-heat-index-in-several-districts/56-758763)

The Meteorology Department issued a warning yesterday cautioning residents about the rising heat index, which measures the temperature felt on the human body.

According to the department, the heat index is expected to escalate to ‘Caution’ levels in several areas, particularly in the North-Western Province and districts including Gampaha, Colombo, Hambantota and Monaragala.

The advisory underscores the potential for discomfort and health risks associated with high heat index levels. Residents in the mentioned areas are advised to take precautionary measures to stay cool and hydrated, especially during the peak heat hours of the day.

...



# Appointment of Cabinet Secretary

*2024-02-22 01:51:22*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/அமைச்சரவை-செயலாளர்-நியமனம்/175-333631)

It is worth noting that the appointment has been issued from the 14th of this month.. (A)



# Recognize 36 Commissions before the creation of the Truth - Four Civil Organizations

*2024-02-22 01:39:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/177004)

Civil organizations have jointly urged the Sri Lankan government to recognize the 36 commissions established with the approval of the government before the creation of a new truth.

The International Truth and Justice Project, the Sri Lanka Human Rights and Development Center, the Families of the Missing Persons and the Women's Operations Network have jointly urged.

The number of government commissions set up to investigate serious human rights violations has exceeded the number of Sri Lankans who have affected the affected Sri Lankans.

...



# Celebrating New Year's Eve

*2024-02-22 01:27:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/177002)

The people of the country have not celebrated the festivals for the past three years due to the economic crisis.. Minister of State for Industry Samara Sampath Dasanayake said the President should fulfill this humble demand.

He was speaking at a debate on the current state of affairs in Parliament on Wednesday (21).

While the country resisted the worst economic crisis, he took responsibility for economic recovery.

Opposition Leader and Janatha Vimukthi Peramuna (JVP) leader says that the government is ready to take over the economy after the advancement of the economy.

...



# Abolishing the executive presidency – is time running out?

*2024-02-22 01:24:04*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/columns/Abolishing-the-executive-presidency-is-time-running-out/4-758749)

In this crucial election year, we need to ask ourselves why it is necessary to change the existing system – Pic by Shehan Gunasekara

...



# The President should take steps to recover the ban imposed by the Ministry of Defense to bring the Arab Buddha into the country - Rishad Bathiudeen

*2024-02-22 01:23:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/177003)

The government should take immediate action to reopen the Ragama and Mahara schools closed following the Easter bombing. National People's Congress leader Rishad Bathiudeen said that the President should take steps to restore the ban imposed by the Ministry of Defense to bring the Arab Buddha into the country.

He said this while addressing the debate on the current state of the country held in Parliament on Wednesday (21).

The Secretary of the Ministry of Defense is still in force forbidding the Arab Buddha following the Easter bombing. So the Arab Mattarasas in the country are unable to bring the Arabic bottles.

...



# Spa Ceylon wins coveted ‘Global Best Beauty Product’ at World Spa Awards 2023

*2024-02-22 01:12:26*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/Spa-Ceylon-wins-coveted-Global-Best-Beauty-Product-at-World-Spa-Awards-2023/34-758746)

From left: Co-founder and Managing Director Shiwantha Dias, Director, Skin and Wellness Consultant Shenuka Fernando, and Co-founder and Director Shalin Balasuriya

Spa Ceylon, the iconic Ayurveda Wellness brand, has won three international accolades at the World Luxury Spa Awards 2023, including the prestigious Global Award for Best Beauty Product, alongside Awards for Best Luxury Ayurveda Spa Global and Best Spa Group Global.

...



# CTC recognised as Top Employer for fourth consecutive year

*2024-02-22 01:11:17*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/CTC-recognised-as-Top-Employer-for-fourth-consecutive-year/34-758745)

Ceylon Tobacco Company PLC (CTC) has once again achieved the prestigious title of ‘Top Employer’ this time, for the fourth consecutive year. It is a distinction bestowed by the esteemed Top Employers Institute. This accolade, spanning 2021 to 2024, highlights CTC’s unwavering commitment to nurturing an exceptional work environment and robust human resource practices.

...



# Recovery of a man's body from Thethadeevu lowland

*2024-02-22 00:52:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/177001)

The body of a man has been recovered on Wednesday evening (21st) evening from the temple of Thettadeevu residential village belonging to the Kaluwanchikudi police division of the Batticaloa district, Kaluwanchikudi police said.

The Kaluwanchikudi police, who rushed to the spot, have recovered the body of the police in the area, who have been given a body of a body of a body near the village of Thetadheevu residential village.

The body of the body has been identified as Arumugam Krishna Pillai, aged 84, from Thetadheevu residential village.

...



# 531 arrested in Jaffna

*2024-02-22 00:31:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/177000)

531 people have been arrested in Jaffna within a month, police said.

The arrests have been arrested by the courts on charges of criminal activity.

The 301 persons were arrested and 230 persons who had been issued an ordinary person were arrested by the police and appeared in courts, police said.



# Comrade Dissanayake Must Visit Nuwara Eliya

*2024-02-22 00:00:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/opinion/Comrade-Dissanayake-Must-Visit-Nuwara-Eliya/172-277503)

Nuwara Eliya’s extreme cold condition might make the less affluent locals shiver, but it is promoted as a holiday destination among the rich

If we turn the pages of time there were two groups which were clearly not involved in developing this nation by being involved with the work of past governments. One is the private sector and the other is the JVP which is the key party marshalling the NPP. The private sector preferred to mind its business and the JVP didn’t wish to team up with any government and get its hands dirty.

...



# Election fever to grip country  after March

*2024-02-22 00:00:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/opinion/Election-fever-to-grip-country-after-March/172-277504)

The JVP-led National People’s Power (NPP) is engaging grassroots level individuals and organizations in view of the elections

The NPP is now not prepared to accommodate any other political party or individual

Even the National Movement for Social Justice has initiated the discussion on the need to scrap Executive Presidency

The country is abuzz with election fever, despite the presidential election, constitutionally scheduled for this year, not yet being

...



# Restore the Senaka Bibile Policies

*2024-02-22 00:00:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/opinion/Restore-the-Senaka-Bibile-Policies/172-277501)

...



# Afghanistan win three-run thriller, but Sri Lanka take T20 series

*2024-02-21 23:53:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Afghanistan-win-three-run-thriller-but-Sri-Lanka-take-T20-series/108-277516)

Dambulla, Feb. 21 - Afghanistan salvaged some pride on Wednesday when they secured a nail-biting three-run win over hosts Sri Lanka in the third T20 international, the last game of their multi-format tour.

It has been a wretched tour for the Afghans -- losing six matches in a row -- but skipper Ibrahim Zadran said he was "feeling great" after his team held their nerve in a dramatic close with a hard-fought win.

"I am happy with the win," Zadran said. "Unfortunately, we lost the series."

Sri Lanka had already secured the three-match T20 series after winning the first two games, the first by four runs, and the second by 72 runs.

...



# Anura, Sajith, Champika: Presidential chances, hopes, targeted by abolition ambush

*2024-02-21 23:30:00*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/columns/Anura-Sajith-Champika-Presidential-chances-hopes-targeted-by-abolition-ambush/4-758738)

“Ranil will have to go home even before his term of office, if he attempts to evade the Presidential election.”

The interim report of the Presidential Commission headed by former Chief Justice Priyasath Dep, appointed to suggest electoral reforms, will be presented to President Wickremesinghe in April. This gives cause for apprehension on several counts.

...



# Sri Lanka lost by three runs

*2024-02-21 23:24:27*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/மூன்று-ஓட்டங்களால்-தோற்றது-இலங்கை/175-333630)

Afghanistan won by 3 runs in the third and final T20 cricket match between Afghanistan and Sri Lanka.

Sri Lanka scored 206 runs for the loss of 6 wickets in 20 overs.

Kamindu Mendis scored a maximum of 65 runs and Pathum Nissanka scored 60 runs due to disaster.

However, the Sri Lankan team has captured the three -match series as one to two. Remble



# Afghanistan returns to the country with consolation victory by beating Sri Lanka by 3 runs

*2024-02-21 23:21:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/176999)

Afghanistan won the third and last international T20 cricket match at the Rangiri and Dambulla International Cricket Stadium on Wednesday (21).

Sri Lanka's victory needed 19 runs in the last over.. Afghanistan won by 3 runs to get a White.

Afghanistan returns to the country with the comfort of its last attempt in a single Test match and the 3 -match international ODI series.

However, Sri Lanka made the international T20 cricket series 2 - 1.

In response to a target of 210 runs for Afghanistan, Sri Lanka lost by 6 wickets in 20 overs and lost 206 runs.

...



# Improved trading in blue-chips lifts CSE fortunes

*2024-02-21 22:54:00*

[islandlk](http://island.lk/improved-trading-in-blue-chips-lifts-cse-fortunes/)

Stock market trading witnessed a degree of negativity early yesterday but during the latter part of the day it evinced some bullish sentiment due to trading improving in blue-chip companies, market analysts said.

...



# Afghanistan win by 3 runs

*2024-02-21 22:42:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/193678)

Afghanistan beat Afghanistan by 3 runs in the third and final between Sri Lanka and Afghanistan.

The Afghanistan decided to bat first, accordingly, they scored 209 runs for the loss of 5 wickets at the end of 20 overs.

Hurbas scored 70 runs and Hastuthulla scored 45 runs.

In bowling, Matha Pathirana and Akila Dananjaya divided 02 wickets each.

In reply, Sri Lanka were able to score only 206 runs for the loss of 6 wickets.

The gathering of excellent bodies of Sri Lanka for Sri Lanka scored 60 runs.

But unfortunately, he had to leave the flock due to disability.

...



# 43 percent of languages of the world endangered

*2024-02-21 22:24:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/43-percent-of-languages-of-the-world-endangered/108-277502)

Colombo, Feb 21 (Daily Mirror) - The importance of preserving mother languages were stressed today with the revelation that 43 percent of the 7,000 languages in the world have become endangered.

Bangladesh High Commissioner in Colombo Tareq Md Ariful Islam led the campaign for the preservation of mother tongues during an event organized by the High Commission, the Ministry of Education and the National Scouts Association of Sri Lanka to commemorate the International Day of Mother Languages.

...



# Minister calls for proposals to halt sending Sri Lankan women overseas as housemaids

*2024-02-21 22:13:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97445/minister-calls-for-proposals-to-halt-sending-sri-lankan-women-overseas-as-housemaids)

Minister of Labour and Foreign Employment Manusha Nanayakkara says he has sought proposals from officials of the SLBFE and foreign employment agencies to “completely stop” sending Sri Lankan women overseas to serve as housemaids.

Taking to ‘X’ (formerly Twitter), the Minister stated that he has urged the management of the Sri Lanka Bureau of Foreign Employment (SLBFE) and the Association of Licensed Foreign Employment Agencies (ALFEA) to submit proposals and plans to completely stop sending Sri Lankan women overseas to work as housemaids.

...



# Is a car accident?Is a murder?

*2024-02-21 22:13:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/193677)

A person has been identified as a car collided with a corporate motorcycle in Dehiwala.

The accident had occurred near the intersection of Parakumba Mawatha on Kadawatha Road, Dehiwala.

The police have commenced investigations into whether the accident was deliberately committed.

Police investigations have also commenced the argument between the driver of the suspect car and the victim.

However, the Driver of the suspect car has been arrested by the Dehiwala Police.

The arrested was a 30 year old resident of Dehiwala.

The suspect is to be produced before the Mount Lavinia Magistrate's Court tomorrow.



# Suspect arrested with commercial explosives during search of a bus

*2024-02-21 22:01:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97444/suspect-arrested-with-commercial-explosives-during-search-of-a-bus)

A resident of Mundal, Mannar was apprehended by the Sri Lanka Navy on Wednesday morning (21 Feb.) with a stock of 650 water gel sticks – a type of commercial explosive.

The 43-year-old suspect was arrested during a search of a public transport bus in the Pallemunai area, and was handed over to the Mannar Police, along with the seized explosives, Sri Lanka Navy reported.

The special coordinated search operation was carried out by the SLNS Gajaba in the North Central Naval Command, with the assistance of the Mannar Divisional Crime Detective Bureau.

...



# Measures from Minister Manushetu suspension of women abroad to domestic work

*2024-02-21 21:59:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/193676)

Minister of Labor and Foreign Employment, Minister of Labor and Foreign Employment to take necessary steps to stop Sri Lankan women to abstain from unhappy as domestic workers and an accelerated foreign employment agentThe Establishment Association has been informed yesterday (20th).

The Minister also emphasized the importance of sending workers only for training employment opportunities as housemaids.

Accordingly, in ten years, the Minister has informed the Licensed Foreign Employment Association today with the Licensed Appointed Representative Association (Licensed Affairs Association).



# “Lotus Tower” flashing in red

*2024-02-21 21:58:35*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/தாமரை-கோபுரம்-சிவப்பு-நிறத்தில்-ஒளிரும்/175-333629)

The Lotus Tower in Colombo will be blinking tomorrow (22) to raise awareness on the day of International Meanitis.

This is to be illuminated as part of the recent programs of the Encypalitis International to raise awareness of this dangerous neurological condition.. Remble



# A man arrested for conflicting with Jaffna Teaching Hospital Officer

*2024-02-21 21:42:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/176998)

A man was arrested by the police on Wednesday (21) at the Jaffna Teaching Hospital.

The man who went to the hospital's superintendent's office and spoke inappropriate words, was arrested by the hospital police and handed over to the Jaffna police after he was conflicted with the officers.

Jaffna police are conducting investigations to the suspect as the man is reported to be in the liquor.



# Rising trend of drug addicts turning to pharmaceutical drugs in Western Province

*2024-02-21 21:36:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Rising-trend-of-drug-addicts-turning-to-pharmaceutical-drugs-in-Western-Province/108-277500)

Colombo, Feb 21 (Daily Mirror) - Amid the 'Yukthiya Operation' crackdown in the Western Province, there has been a concerning trend of drug addicts increasingly turning to pharmaceutical drugs as alternative sources due to the shortage of heroin, ice, or cannabis and the authorities have launched a major operation in the western province targeting dozens of errant pharmacies that sell psychoactive drugs to drug addicts.

...



# Rear Admiral Pradeep Ratnayake appointed by the Navy Staff

*2024-02-21 21:35:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/193675)

Rear Admiral Pradeep Ratnayake has been appointed as the new Chief of Staff of the Sri Lanka Navy.

The appointment was made by President Ranil Wickremesinghe this appointments to the Navy Commander of the Navy Vice Admiral Pradeep Ratnayake.

Pradeep Ratnayake, an old boy of St. Thomas' College, Matale, was one of the Cadet Officer of the Sri Lanka Navy.

He was promoted with the calculations, he was promoted to the rank of Rear Admiral in July 2021.

Rear Admiral Pradeep Ratnayake has held a large number of positions during his tenure and he served as the Chief of the Navy.



# Sri Lanka partially repays Iranian oil USD 20 million worth of tea

*2024-02-21 21:23:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97443/sri-lanka-partially-repays-iranian-oil-usd-20-million-worth-of-tea)

Sri Lanka said on Wednesday (21 Feb.) it had exported tea worth USD 20 million to Iran to partially repay its USD 251 million oil debts, with Colombo saying Tehran’s visiting foreign minister had expressed “satisfaction” at the deal.

“So far USD20 million worth of tea has been exported to Iran under the barter trade agreement,” Sri Lankan Prime Minister Dinesh Gunawardena’s office said in a statement after talks with Iranian Foreign Minister Hossein Amir-Abdollahian.

...



# Sri Lanka partially repays Iranian oil debt with USD 20 million worth of tea

*2024-02-21 21:23:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97443/sri-lanka-partially-repays-iranian-oil-debt-with-usd-20-million-worth-of-tea)

Sri Lanka said on Wednesday (21 Feb.) it had exported tea worth USD 20 million to Iran to partially repay its USD 251 million oil debts, with Colombo saying Tehran’s visiting foreign minister had expressed “satisfaction” at the deal.

“So far USD20 million worth of tea has been exported to Iran under the barter trade agreement,” Sri Lankan Prime Minister Dinesh Gunawardena’s office said in a statement after talks with Iranian Foreign Minister Hossein Amir-Abdollahian.

...



# Sri Lanka target 210 runs

*2024-02-21 20:37:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/193674)

The Afghan group scored 209 runs for the loss of 20 wickets in the final 20 overs.

Gurbas scored 70 runs in a great brand.

Hastuthulla Shadows 45 runs and gave him a good support.

Matheyathirana took 2 wickets for 42 runs and Akila Dananjaya took two wickets for 37 runs.



# Electricity tariffs increased in October to be totally reduced in new revision: Minister

*2024-02-21 20:25:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Electricity-tariffs-increased-in-October-to-be-totally-reduced-in-new-revision-Minister/108-277498)

Parliament, Feb. 21 (Daily Mirror)- The new proposal on the electricity tariff revision aims to reduce the electricity tariffs increased in October last year, which included 18 percent for the domestic category, Power and Energy Minister Kanchana Wijesekara said today.

...



# Sri Lankan skipper fined $41,000 for illegal fishing in Seychelles’ EEZ

*2024-02-21 20:18:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97442/sri-lankan-skipper-fined-41000-for-illegal-fishing-in-seychelles-eez)

The Seychelles Supreme Court has convicted a Sri Lankan national to a fine of SCR 550,000 (USD 41,000) after being found guilty of illegally fishing in the island nation’s territorial waters, the police said on Wednesday (21 Feb.).

According to the police, Makavita Liyanage Dilesh, 43, was the person in charge of the vessel, ‘Rankurulla 4’, that was intercepted and arrested in the Seychelles Exclusive Economic Zone (EEZ) on 24 November 2023.

...



# The last T20 match is the beginning

*2024-02-21 20:09:01*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/கடைசி-டி20-போட்டி-ஆரம்பம்/175-333616)

The final T20 cricket match between Afghanistan and Sri Lanka will be held today (21).

Afghanistan won the currency spin in the match. Accordingly, the team decided to bat first. Remble



# The last T20 match;210 runs for Sri Lanka

*2024-02-21 20:09:01*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/கடைசி-டி20-போட்டி-இலங்கைக்கு-210-ஓட்டங்கள்-இலக்கு/175-333616)

In the third and final T20 match between Afghanistan and Sri Lanka, Afghanistan won the first T20 and scored 209 runs for the loss of 5 wickets in 20 overs.

Rahmanullah Gurbaz scored a maximum of 70 runs and Hazratullah Zazai 45 runs.

Matheesha Pathirana and Akila Dananjaya took two wickets each for the Sri Lankan team.

The final T20 cricket match between Afghanistan and Sri Lanka will be held today (21).

Afghanistan won the currency spin in the match. Accordingly, the team decided to bat first. Remble



# Tiran claims attempts to disrupt operation ‘Yukthiya’ funded by drug networks

*2024-02-21 20:03:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97441/tiran-claims-attempts-to-disrupt-operation-yukthiya-funded-by-drug-networks)

Minister of Public Security, Tiran Alles, emphasized his unwavering commitment to continue operations aimed at suppressing drugs, tackling the underworld and preventing violence against women and children, regardless of any pressure encountered.

Furthermore, Minister Alles disclosed that the value of drugs seized thus far during the ‘Yukthiya’ operation, which commenced on December 17, 2023, amounts to Rs. 7.8 billion.

The Minister made these remarks during a news conference held at the Presidential Media Centre today (21 Feb.) under the theme ‘Collective Path to a Stable Country’.

...



# Inflation up

*2024-02-21 19:54:51*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/උද්ධමනය-ඉහළට/11-408228)

Inflation in Sri Lanka has risen in January compared to December. The reports of the Department of Census and Statistics indicate that inflation recorded in December 2023 increased to 6.5% for January 2024.

In December 2023, the point of the food category recorded in December 2023 increased to 4.1% in January 2024.

In December 2023, 6.3% of the non-foods of non-foods increased to 8.5% in January 2024.



# Nervousness

*2024-02-21 19:51:57*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/மலையகம்/பழ-திருடனுக்கு-விளக்கமறியல்/76-333615)

Nuwara Eliya Magistrate's Court Judge Prabhudika Langanthini has ordered a person who stole 46,000 rupees worth Rs 46,000 at a shop selling fruit in Nuwara Eliya, Nuwara Eliya.

The Nuwara Eliya Police Headquarters Chief Inspector Premalal Hattiyarachchi, the Chief Inspector of the Nuwara Eliya Police Headquarters, has launched a complaint filed by the Nuwara Eliya Crime Police.

The three -member delegation who had been appointed to investigate was arrested on Sunday evening (18) with the help of a video recorded on the Sisirvi camera.

The suspect was arrested (44), 44, from Kuda Oya, Lapukkalai.

...



# "Can't drink leaks for the New Year"

*2024-02-21 19:42:00*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/புத்தாண்டுக்கு-கசிப்பு-குடிக்க-முடியாது-சாராயம்-குடிக்க-வேண்டும்/175-333614)

The government should reduce the price of special liquor that the common people drink ahead of the New Year, said Minister of State for Minister of State.

He told Parliament that the prices of alcoholism have risen and that people are trying to drink counterfeit money.

“The price of alcohol has risen. People are currently drinking counterfeit. Brews are raging. People can't drink 'leaks' everyday. "Drink booze for the New Year," he said emotionally.

He said the price of a bottle of alcohol could be reduced to 1500 rupees.He also said that the necessary compounds for alcohol can be obtained from Belvatte, Sevanagala and Ethimale.



# Village Discussions on Lakme

*2024-02-21 19:39:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/193673)

Lakmini Chulota Boguda Lakshu was carrying out the support of the University of Colombo today.

She was a gender in the literal way of the word and was a support lecturer in the International Connection Division of the University of Colombo.

The only daughter of Senior Lecturer of the University of Kelaniya, is a young girl who has overcome an educational cut.

She is an appointment of the best student of the 2002 International Relations Program of the University of Colombo as well as the highest score, but also in external activities, including dance and external activities.

...



# Merchant tax on several grains

*2024-02-21 19:36:00*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/ධාන්‍ය-වර්ග-කිහිපයක-වෙළඳ-භාණ්ඩ-බද්ද-ඉහළට/11-408227)

A new gazette issued a new gazette, raising the potential, green gram, pea, caukkan and millets.

Accordingly, the Cockana Special (Illusena Ceremony Special) and Milakana Specials (Illiverse) and Milaks, Kurakana Specials (Illiverse) and Milaks (Other) have been increased by Rs. 300 to Rs.

The Gazette has increased the special commodity tax of Rs. 300 per kilogram of Rs.

Maize also prescribed a merchant tax of Rs.

In the meantime, the importation of maize, dense, green gram, pea, cowk and kurakkan should be carried out on the recommendation of the Ministry of Agriculture.



# Heat wave warning issued for Colombo and several other Districts

*2024-02-21 19:29:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Heat-wave-warning-issued-for-Colombo-and-several-other-Districts/108-277499)

Colombo, Feb. 21 (Daily Mirror)- The Meteorology Department today issued a ‘Caution’ level heat warning for some places in North-Western province and Gampaha, Colombo, Hambantota and Moneragala District.

The Heat index Advisory issued by the Natural Hazards Early Warning Centre said that the heat index, the temperature felt on the human body is expected to increase up to ‘Caution’ level at some places in North-western province and Gampaha, Colombo, Hambantota and Moneragala District.

...



# A youth who went to work in a ship fell into the sea

*2024-02-21 19:24:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/193672)

It is reported that a Sri Lankan who has gone to the service of a foreign country has died after falls into the sea.

A 21-year-old youth from the Udurutota area in Udurutota and a 21 year old youth from a German shipping company in Germany had been serving in a new service.

Later, he had joined the service to serve the ship, Spain, in Spain.

Accordingly, two managers of the Sri Lankan managers who had arrived in the Udunu-East of the 18th of the 18th have said that Chiran had fallen into the sea.

The two men have fallen to the 1700 to the sea on the 17th and the captain of the ship has learned that about four hours later.

...



# Liquor meets at Galle

*2024-02-21 19:23:32*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/ගාල්ලෙන්-ගල්-නැංගුරමක්-හමුවෙයි/11-408226)

The Colombo Old Harbor jetty is found in the 12th or 13th centuries of the Colombo Central Cultural Fund

Several ancient anchors, two older anchors, have two areas of artillery used as anchorage. However, at several times, the stone anchor 12-13 have been asserted in recent days.

The archaeologist archaeologist fan Muthukumarana said:

...



# No action that has been initiated in any pressures will not be stopped - Public Safety Minister Tran Alles

*2024-02-21 19:23:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/176996)

Public Security Minister Tran Ales said that no action has been initiated to suppress the drug and the underworld and prevent violence against women and children.

The Minister also noted that the value of drugs seized by the "strategy" operation, which began on December 17, 2023, was 7.8 billion rupees.

Public Security Minister Tran Ales said this at a media briefing held at the Presidential Media Center on Wednesday (21).

There is a series of measures to suppress drug and underworld and prevent violence against girls and children. We are not prepared to stop these activities, no matter what pressure.

...



# "If you want to read the oil lamp"

*2024-02-21 19:21:47*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/வேண்டுமென்றால்-எண்ணெய்-விளக்கேற்றிப்-படிக்கலாம்/175-333613)

The Ceylon Electricity Board (CEB) Media Spokesperson Ill Priyantha has stirred controversy, saying that during the latest television show, the current children who excelled in their studies should be used to use oil lights.

Priyantha said he was concerned about the increasing power prices in Sri Lanka.

Responding to questions about the adverse effects of electricity cutting down by unpaid fees, he acknowledged the difficulties faced by consumers, but that this was the reason for changing from free electric culture.

...



# Thirteen suspects arrested in Dubai

*2024-02-21 19:12:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/193671)

According to sources, 13 leading criminals who need the Sri Lankan police have been arrested in Dubai sources.

Meanwhile, it is reported that Uragasiiki is a manner that supported the murder of Beliatta.

Meanwhile, a personnel who shot dead in a haircut in Borella near the Borella police, including a criminal in the Borella area about 10 years ago, had immediately conducted a formal investigation into misplace.Colombo High Court Judge Navaratne Marasinghe has ordered the Senior Superintendent of the area to submit a report to the judiciary.

...



# Megascular prison is out of a drug trafficking

*2024-02-21 18:49:47*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/මැගසින්-බන්ධනාගාරයේ-සිට-මෙහෙයවන-මත්ද්‍රව්‍ය-ජාවාරමක-තොරතුරු-එළියට/11-408224)

The Colombo Crimes Division says that a person involved in a drug trafficking of a female inmate at Magazine Prison has been arrested with drugs worth nearly Rs.

Police have taken over 762 ml 7 million millions of drugs. The suspect has been arrested in the house of Borella Road, Borella Road.

Farrier to her racketeers, Bask Inspector Buddhika Rajapaksa, who was brought to buyers from the Bandarawela, Avissawella Kadugamuwa, Avissawella Kadugamuwa and the suspect was brought to buyers from the Navagamuwa, Avissawella Kadugamuwa.According to police, the raid was carried out.

...



# The court heard the report on Shani

*2024-02-21 18:46:07*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/ஷானி-தொடர்பிலான-அறிக்கையை-கேட்டது-நீதிமன்றம்/175-333611)

The Court of Appeal has ordered the Attorney General to submit a report on the provision of special police protection to the former chief of the secret police division.

The Court of Appeal has ordered the writ petition filed by former Chief of Criminal Investigation (CID) Shani Abeysekera demanding his safety.

The writ petition was taken on Wednesday (21) in the presence of a session of the Court of Appeal Judge Nishanga Bandula Karunaratne and Sashi Mahendran.

Former chief of the Criminal Investigation Division, Shani Abeysekera, has filed the writ petition demanding that the security provided to him inadequate inadequate.

...



# Discussion on VAT

*2024-02-21 18:40:11*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/වැට්-ගැන-මුදල්-කාරක-සභාවේ-සාකච්ඡාවක්/11-408223)

In November 2023, all VAT exemptions were removed, the Tax Release (Amendment) Bill was removed by the Committee on the VAT to the VAT Recommendation by the Committee.Was.

Accordingly, the Committee was recommended to the Ministry of Finance to reconside medical equipment, ambulances and children of the Ministry of medical equipment, ambulances and children.

The committee was discussed when the Committee on Public Finance Member (Dr.) Harsha De Silva yesterday (20) was held yesterday.

...



# To Afghanistan to advantage

*2024-02-21 18:30:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/193670)

Afghanistan Leading Ibrahim was able to win the Third and Final Thirteen match between Sri Lanka and Afghanistan.



# Reated percentage is rewasted

*2024-02-21 18:21:11*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/ඉහළ-දැමූ-ප්‍රතිශතය-රිවස්-කරයි/11-408222)

Power and Energy Minister Kanchana Wijesekara said that the percentage of electricity tariffs will be completely removed in October 2023, said Power and Energy Minister Kanchana Wijesekara.

Accordingly, 18% of the household category and religious shrines, the industry and hotel category, and 24% of the government's category 24% participating in the adjournment debate.

...



# Sri Lanka indebted to India: Harin

*2024-02-21 18:21:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Sri-Lanka-indebted-to-India-Harin/108-277497)

Colombo, Feb 21 (Daily Mirror) - Justifying the recent remark he had made in Mumbai that Sri Lanka is a part of India, Minister of Tourism and Lands Harin Fernando told Parliament today that Sri Lanka is indebted to the South Asian giant.

...

