# #SriLanka :sri_lanka: News Bulletin

<div id="news_lk_bulletin">

*Updated* **2024-09-16 08:19:59**

🌧️ **Heavy rains in several areas today:** Showers or thundershowers will occur at times in the Western, Sabaragamuwa provinces and in the Galle and Matara districts. There are several spells in the Kandy and Nuwara Eliya districts in the North Western and Nuwara Eliya. Showers or thundershowers will occur at several places in the Eastern and Uva provinces and in the Polonnaruwa District. Western, North Central and North Western Provinces and Trincomalee districts, Hambantota, North Central and North Western Provinces, North Central and North Western Provinces.. (40-45) can cause strong winds.

🔍 **Try again to kill Donald Trump; Shoot:** Trump is going to the Trump International Golf Club in West Palm Beach and is playing golf. By then, there was a sudden firing of his viewing distance. He was then taken to a safe area. According to a statement issued by Steven Siyang, a spokesman for the Trump Campaign Organization. However, no other information has been released on this issue.

🔍 **Try again to kill Trump; Shoot:** Trump is going to the Trump International Golf Club in West Palm Beach and is playing golf. By then, there was a sudden firing of his viewing distance. He was then taken to a safe area. According to a statement issued by Steven Siyang, a spokesman for the Trump Campaign Organization. However, no other information has been released on this issue.

🚨 **Man shot dead in Badwita:** The person who was injured in the shooting in Badowita, Mount Lavinia was killed. Police said that two persons from a motorcycle have been shot dead yesterday (15). The victim was shot dead while in front of his house in front of the four Surface Phase. The victim was rushed to the Kalubowila hospital for treatment and was admitted to the Colombo National Hospital for further treatment. The deceased has been a 31 year old resident of the Mount Lavinia, Badtota. The cost of the shooting has not yet been revealed and the Dehiwala Police are conducting further investigations.

🌧️ **Heavy rains in several areas today:** Showers or thundershowers will occur at times in the Western, Sabaragamuwa provinces and in the Galle and Matara districts. There are several spells in the Kandy and Nuwara Eliya districts in the North Western and Nuwara Eliya. Showers or thundershowers will occur at several places in the Eastern and Uva provinces and in the Polonnaruwa District. Western, North Central and North Western Provinces and Trincomalee districts, Hambantota, North Central and North Western Provinces, North Central and North Western Provinces.. (40-45) can cause strong winds.

🚨 **Woman arrested with 95 kg of cannabis in Kilinochchi:** 95 kg 520 grams of Kerala cannabis has been recovered by Special Action Force in the Vatrayan area of the Kilinochchi Palai Police Division. On Sunday (15), Special Task Force (STF), who had surrounded the area after confidential information received by the Special Task Force (STF), rescued cannabis in the house. In addition, Special Task Force (STF) has recovered the Kapvagana found in the area with a package of cannabis in the area parked in the area. Special Task Force (STF) has also arrested a woman involved in the incident on suspicion.

🚨 **A 13-year-old boy made a wrong decision because his father did not give a cell phone in Jaffna!** A 13-year-old boy made a wrong decision on Sunday (15) as the father did not give a cell phone to play. His body has been taken to the Tellippalai Resource Hospital. The death of a student in Alavetti Arunodaya has died.

📢 **We must stand as a partner of that victory - Jeevan Thondaman:** President Ranil Wickremesinghe will win the presidential election on September 21 and will be a partner of the victory as President Ranil Wickremesinghe rejoins the throne.. We will also successfully complete the Upcountry Renaissance Program under his rule, ”said Jeevan Thondaman, General Secretary and Minister of the CWC. The campaign meeting was held on 15.09.2024 in Nuwara Eliya, supporting the independent candidate Ranil Wickremesinghe, who is contesting the presidential election.

🏦 **People’s Bank relocates Dharga Town Service Centre:** People’s Bank officially inaugurated its Dharga Town Service Centre at a new location recently. Conveniently-located at No.426, Welipenna Road, Dharga Town, the Service Centre is attached to the People’s Bank Aluthgama branch and provides customers with state-of-the-art digital technology and specialized services.

📢 **Negombo Speakers Forum Toastmasters Club calls enquiries for 2nd season of youth leadership programme:** The Negombo Speakers Forum Toastmasters Club has announced the launch of the second season of its Youth Leadership Program, themed “New Stars Found.” Following the resounding success of the first season, which concluded in December 2023 with the participation of around 20 promising youth leaders from across Negombo, this new season promises to be even more impactful.

🏨 **Hemas, SLIIT joint venture to elevate Allied Health Sciences education in Sri Lanka:** Hemas Holdings PLC initiated a collaborative educational venture with the Sri Lanka Institute of Information Technology (SLIIT) to elevate the country’s healthcare education to international standards, by providing innovative nursing and allied healthcare education through the newly established entity, The SLIIT-HEMAS Allied Health Sciences Institute (SHAHSI). Set to open doors for a new intake in October, the venture has a combined student body of over 300 students and counting.

🏢 **Brandix partners GLO programme for unique learning and development experience:** Brandix rounded out its commitment for the Guiding Leadership and Outreach (GLO) programme this year, empowering up to 50 individuals across its value chain. GLO is conducted in partnership with the Association for HR Professionals in Sri Lanka and AIESEC, involving Brandix, Fortude, SyscoLabs, John Keells Holdings and IFS.

🏦 **Sanasa General Insurance partners with PMF Finance:** Sanasa General Insurance Company (SGIC) has entered into a strategic partnership with PMF Finance PLC to provide comprehensive insurance services to PMF Finance’s leasing customers. The related Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) was recently signed by Sanasa General Insurance Chairman Tishan H. Subasinghe and PMF Finance Designated CEO Professor Ajith Mendis. The Occasion was honored by PMF finance Chairman Chandula Abeywickrama, marking a significant milestone in business innovation for both companies. Under this partnership, PMF Finance’s leasing customers will benefit from a range of insurance products tailored to their needs.

📢 **I will give the people the gifts available to other people - the President:** President Ranil Wickremesinghe said that his aim is to make all concessions to the plantation people and that the people of the plantation have already implemented a legal land rights program with the right to live in the villages instead of Lions. The President made this statement while addressing the 'Ranil Charm' Victory rally in Nuwara Eliya on Sunday afternoon. A large number of people participated in the rally organized to ensure the victory of President Ranil Wickremesinghe in the upcoming presidential election and greeted the President.

🏢 **SLASSCOM presents strategic policy framework to presidential candidates:** SLASSCOM, the national chamber for the Knowledge and Innovation (IT&BPM) industry in Sri Lanka, have handed over its strategic policy document titled “Igniting Knowledge, Inspiring Growth” to the country’s leading presidential candidates: President Ranil Wickremasinghe, Sajith Premadasa (SJB), Anura Kumara Dissanayake (NPP), and the General Secretary and representatives of the Sri Lanka Podujana Peramuna (SLPP).

📢 **President Ranil Wickremesinghe created the independence of opposition candidates - Senthil Thondaman:** "When the country was waiting for anyone to come to rescue them in 2022, none of the candidates today came.. So the safety is to travel with the president who defended the country. The president never had to stand in line. The people who are about to choose them will stand in line. Senthil Thondaman, the President of the Ceylon Workers Congress and the Governor of the Eastern Province, said that the government, which has received a salary increase of 1,350 rupees today, will soon increase the salary increase.

🏢 **ComBank promotes smart agriculture practices:** Hayleys, AgStar, John Deere, DIMO, CIC and Browns join the bank’s effort. The Commercial Bank of Ceylon recently brought together a coalition of some of the biggest names in Sri Lanka’s agriculture sector to conduct an ‘Agri Modernisation Fair’ for farmers in the Vavuniya area and introduce the latest technologies available to them and promote smart agriculture.

</div>

[Previous](data) Bulletins

## Methodology

This bulletin has been autogenerated by MistralAI's [mistral-large-latest](https://mistral.ai/news/mistral-large/) model, with the following [prompt](src/news_lk_bulletin/core/NewsBulletin.py):

*Aggregate these news articles into 10 bullets of information that will be practically useful to ordinary Sri Lankan citizens. EXCLUDE opinions, advertisements and political messages. ANNOTATE with emojis.*

## Source News

Based on **140** News Articles, from the last **23** hours.

# Try again to kill Donald Trump?

*2024-09-16 06:49:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201064)

It is reported that former American President has once again tried to kill Donald Trump.

Foreign media stated that the attempt was taken at his golf course in Florida.

However, the former American president had no casualties and the security personnel had been arrested by security personnel.



# Man shot dead in Badwita

*2024-09-16 06:46:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201063)

The person who was injured in the shooting in Badowita, Mount Lavinia was killed.

Police said that two persons from a motorcycle have been shot dead yesterday (15).

The victim was shot dead while in front of his house in front of the four Surface Phase.

The victim was rushed to the Kalubowila hospital for treatment and was admitted to the Colombo National Hospital for further treatment.

The deceased has been a 31 year old resident of the Mount Lavinia, Badtota.

The cost of the shooting has not yet been revealed and the Dehiwala Police are conducting further investigations.



# Heavy rains in several areas today

*2024-09-16 06:36:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201062)

Showers or thundershowers will occur at times in the Western and Sabaragamuwa provinces and in the Galle and Matara districts.

There are several closes in the Kandy and Nuwara Eliya districts in the North Western and Nuwara Eliya.

Showers or thundershowers will occur at several places in the Eastern and Uva provinces and in the Polonnaruwa District.

Western, North Central and North Western Provinces and Trincomalee districts, Hambantota, North Central and North Western Provinces, North Central and North Western Provinces.. (40-45) can cause strong winds.

...



# Try again to kill Trump;Shoot

*2024-09-16 05:57:17*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/உலக-செய்திகள்/டிரம்ப்பை-கொல்ல-மீண்டும்-முயற்சி-துப்பாக்கி-சூட்டால்-பரபரப்பு/50-343808)

Trump is going to the Trump International Golf Club in West Palm Beach and is playing golf. By then, there was a sudden firing of his viewing distance. He was then taken to a safe area.

According to a statement issued by Steven Siyang, a spokesman for the Trump Campaign Organization. However, no other information has been released on this issue



# Try again to kill Trump;Shoot

*2024-09-16 05:57:15*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/உலக-செய்திகள்/டிரம்ப்பை-கொல்ல-மீண்டும்-முயற்சி-துப்பாக்கி-சூட்டால்-பரபரப்பு/50-343807)

Trump is going to the Trump International Golf Club in West Palm Beach and is playing golf. By then, there was a sudden firing of his viewing distance. He was then taken to a safe area.

According to a statement issued by Steven Siyang, a spokesman for the Trump Campaign Organization. However, no other information has been released on this issue



# My first purpose is to reduce the burden of the people of the people -the President in Horana

*2024-09-16 03:27:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/193806)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe said his first purpose was to reduce the burden of the people. The President pointed out that it is essential to protect the deals signed with the International Monetary Fund and that there is no possibility of changing the agreements, as Sajith and Anura said.

...



# Prophet Meetan Greetings of Opposition Leader

*2024-09-16 03:14:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/193805)

Today is the birthday of Prophet Muhammad (PBUH), who is dedicated to the creation of humanitarian love and brotherhood and is the guide of Muslims living around the world.. Opposition leader Sajith Premadasa said that I am very happy to send a greeting message.

...



# We do not have politics for privileges and blessings -Opposition Leader in Jaffna

*2024-09-16 03:10:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/193804)

We have no people who have received the Wine Stores Licensing, the Brewery Road Permit,. The people who have received special gifts and gifts are not with us. Opposition leader Sajith Premadasa said that we are with us who have joined the country without racial, religious, clan and party.

The 58th People's Alliance organized by the United People's Alliance (UPFA) ahead of the 2024 presidential election was held on September 15 in Manipay, Jaffna, headed by Opposition Leader Sajith Premadasa.. Opposition leader Sajith Premadasa said this while addressing the gathering.

...



# Prophet's greeting News - President

*2024-09-16 02:58:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/193803)

In his greeting, President Ranil Wickremesinghe said in his congratulations that the day of the Prophet Meelatun Prophet said to all Muslims meaningful and happy.

Sri Lankan Muslims celebrate the day of the Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) with the Muslim community around the world.

Muhammad who developed confidence among others was called al-Ameen (faithful). The sacrifices he made for the virtues and humanity he had been waiting for the rest of his life were inconvenienced. Mutual understanding, honesty, harmony, and disgusting others were the central theme of the Messenger Muhammad Prophet Muhammad.

...



# Woman arrested with 95 kg of cannabis in Kilinochchi

*2024-09-16 02:43:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/193802)

95 kg 520 grams of Kerala cannabis has been recovered by Special Action Force in the Vatrayan area of ​​the Kilinochchi Palai Police Division.

On Sunday (15), Special Task Force (STF), who had surrounded the area after confidential information received by the Special Task Force (STF), rescued cannabis in the house.

In addition, Special Task Force (STF) has recovered the Kapvagana found in the area with a package of cannabis in the area parked in the area.

Special Task Force (STF) has also arrested a woman involved in the incident on suspicion.

...



# A 13 -year -old boy made a wrong decision because his father did not give a cell phone in Jaffna!

*2024-09-16 02:37:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/193801)

A 13 -year -old boy made a wrong decision on Sunday (15) as the father did not give a cell phone to play.

His body has been taken to the Tellippalai Resource Hospital. The death of a student in Alavetti Arunodaya has died.



# We must stand as a partner of that victory - Jeevan Thondaman

*2024-09-16 02:33:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/193800)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe will win the presidential election on September 21 and will be a partner of the victory as President Ranil Wickremesinghe rejoins the throne.. We will also successfully complete the Upcountry Renaissance Program under his rule, ”said Jeevan Thondaman, General Secretary and Minister of the CWC.

The campaign meeting was held on 15.09.2024 in Nuwara Eliya, supporting the independent candidate Ranil Wickremesinghe, who is contesting the presidential election.

...



# People’s Bank relocates Dharga Town Service Centre

*2024-09-16 02:21:00*

[islandlk](http://island.lk/peoples-bank-relocates-dharga-town-service-centre/)

People’s Bank officially inaugurated its Dharga Town Service Centre at a new location recently. Conveniently-located at No.426, Welipenna Road, Dharga Town, the Service Centre is attach of the People’s Bank Aluthgama branch and provides customers with state-of-the-art digital technology and specialised services.

...



# Negombo Speakers Forum Toastmasters Club calls enquiries for 2nd season of youth leadership programme

*2024-09-16 02:21:00*

[islandlk](http://island.lk/negombo-speakers-forum-toastmasters-club-calls-enquiries-for-2nd-season-of-youth-leadership-programme/)

The Negombo Speakers Forum Toastmasters Club has announced the launch of the second season of its Youth Leadership Program, themed “New Stars Found.” Following the resounding success of the first season, which concluded in December 2023 with the participation of around 20 promising youth leaders from across Negombo, this new season promises to be even more impactful.

...



# Hemas, SLIIT joint venture to elevate Allied Health Sciences education in Sri Lanka

*2024-09-16 02:21:00*

[islandlk](http://island.lk/hemas-sliit-joint-venture-to-elevate-allied-health-sciences-education-in-sri-lanka/)

Hemas Holdings PLC initiated a collaborative educational venture with the Sri Lanka Institute of Information Technology (SLIIT) to elevate the country’s healthcare education to international standards, by providing innovative nursing and allied healthcare education through the newly established entity, The SLIIT-HEMAS Allied Health Sciences Institute (SHAHSI).

Set to open doors for a new intake in October, the venture has a combined student body of over 300 students and counting.

...



# Brandix partners GLO programme for unique learning and development experience

*2024-09-16 02:21:00*

[islandlk](http://island.lk/brandix-partners-glo-programme-for-unique-learning-and-development-experience/)

Brandix rounded out its commitment for the Guiding Leadership and Outreach (GLO) programme this year, empowering up to 50 individuals across its value chain. GLO is conducted in partnership with the Association for HR Professionals in Sri Lanka and AIESEC, involving Brandix, Fortude, SyscoLabs, John Keells Holdings and IFS.

...



# Sanasa General Insurance partners with PMF Finance

*2024-09-16 02:11:00*

[islandlk](http://island.lk/sanasa-general-insurance-partners-with-pmf-finance/)

Sanasa General Insurance Company (SGIC) has entered into a strategic partnership with PMF Finance PLC to provide comprehensive insurance services to PMF Finance’s leasing customers.

The related Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) was recently signed by Sanasa General Insurance Chairman Tishan H. Subasinghe and PMF Finance Designated CEO Professor Ajith Mendis.The Occasion was honored by PMF finance Chairman Chandula Abeywickrama, marking a significant milestone in business innovation for both companies. Under this partnership,

...



# I will give the people the gifts available to other people - the President

*2024-09-16 02:08:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/193799)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe said that his aim is to make all concessions to the plantation people and that the people of the plantation have already implemented a legal land rights program with the right to live in the villages instead of Lions.

The President made this statement while addressing the 'Ranil Charm' Victory rally in Nuwara Eliya on Sunday afternoon.

A large number of people participated in the rally organized to ensure the victory of President Ranil Wickremesinghe in the upcoming presidential election and greeted the President.

...



# SLASSCOM presents strategic policy framework to presidential candidates

*2024-09-16 02:01:00*

[islandlk](http://island.lk/slasscom-presents-strategic-policy-framework-to-presidential-candidates/)

SLASSCOM, the national chamber for the Knowledge and Innovation (IT&BPM) industry in Sri Lanka, have handed over its strategic policy document titled “Igniting Knowledge, Inspiring Growth” to the country’s leading presidential candidates: President Ranil Wickremasinghe Sajith Premadasa (SJB), Anura Kumara Dissanayake (NPP), and the General Secretary and representatives of the Sri Lanka Podujana Peramuna (SLPP).

...



# President Ranil Wickremesinghe created the independence of opposition candidates - Senthil Thondaman

*2024-09-16 01:59:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/193798)

"When the country was waiting for anyone to come to rescue them in 2022, none of the candidates today came.. So the safety is to travel with the president who defended the country.

The president never had to stand in line. The people who are about to choose them will stand in line. Senthil Thondaman, the President of the Ceylon Workers Congress and the Governor of the Eastern Province, said that the government, which has received a salary increase of 1,350 rupees today, will soon increase the salary increase.

...



# ComBank promotes smart agriculture practices

*2024-09-16 01:58:00*

[islandlk](http://island.lk/combank-promotes-smart-agriculture-practices/)

Hayleys, AgStar, John Deere, DIMO, CIC and Browns join the bank’s effort

The Commercial Bank of Ceylon recently brought together a coalition of some of the biggest names is Sri Lanka’s agriculture sector to conduct an ‘Agri Modernisation Fair’ for farmers in the Vavuniya area and introduce the latest technologies available to them and promote smart agriculture.

...



# The provincial council election will be held soon

*2024-09-16 01:30:39*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/மாகாண-சபை-தேர்தல்-விரைவில்-நடத்தப்படும்/175-343802)

United People's Alliance's presidential candidate Sajith Premadasa says that the provincial council election will be held in a short time for devolution of power within the combined country.

He was speaking at the election campaign meeting held yesterday in the Jaffna - Manipayi area.. As he further stated,

The central government should not take the powers of the provincial councils.Based on the policy plan that donors will convene the conference for the people of the North and East, we will be committed to improve the quality of life of the people affected by the war in the Northeast.

...



# When the country was in crisis, all those in the opposition were not responsible for the regime

*2024-09-16 00:16:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/193797)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe is to rule the country for further five years. Maruthapandi Rameshwaran, a CWC's chairman and Nuwara Eliya district parliamentarian, said that the expectation would be expected on September 21.

The campaign meeting was held on 15.09.2024 in Nuwara Eliya, supporting the independent candidate Ranil Wickremesinghe, who is contesting the presidential election.

...



# More than 150 people in Parliament sending home - Anura

*2024-09-15 22:31:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201061)

Anura Kumara Dissanayake says that more than 150 MPs in the present Parliament will have to leave the parliamentary election within a month and a half after their victory.

He was speaking at a famil in Pannala yesterday (14).

...



# We have a proper plan and program - Namal

*2024-09-15 22:24:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201060)

Presidential candidate named Namal Rajapaksa says that the Presidential election has been contesting a plan.

He was speaking at a rallies in Mahiyanganaya today (15).

"I am thankful to you. To support your leader with your leader who stands for you. We have a vision and plan. We are simply not presenting the elections to get or offer. We're contesting to the elections win. Make the country by winning. We have a proper plan and program "



# Sajith says power division

*2024-09-15 22:15:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201059)

The presidential candidate Sajith Premadasa, Sagith Premadasa, says that the maximum devolution of power in one country is its policy.

He was speaking at a wasland in Manipai area in Jaffna today (15).

"Maximum power of one country in one country. Conducting the Provincial Council's power to obtain the power of the Provincial Council and conducting international support conferences for the people of the North and East. As well as these policies, this principles will definitely say that we are committed to strengthening your lives to strengthen your lives in the war. "

...



# US expects to work with the President of Sri Lanka

*2024-09-15 22:01:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/193722)

US Ambassador to Sri Lanka Julie Sung says the US is looking forward to working with the president elected by the people of Sri Lanka.

US Ambassador Julie Sung posted this issue on his X (X) site ahead of the presidential election. The US Ambassador to Sri Lanka, Julie Sung, posted this issue today.

On the International Democratic Day today, we celebrate the principles of strong and stable democracy, such as accountability, human rights and justice.We ensure that every individual has a concept in designing their future through elections.

...



# Give me 5 years to this revolution - Ranil

*2024-09-15 21:57:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201058)

Another rally was held in Kandy today (15), organized by organized rally to organize the 'Sri Lanka' concept of independent presidency candidate.

The president asked the country with a single seat and stabilized the country to build a revolution to build a revolution.

"Say Sajaben I quit the contest I have asks for now. They want to know that I'm not a mihih. They are not a man who runs gold from gold.

I mean, get along with me at this time. All the UNP, I say to join me. Sajith Premadasa tells you not to teach that I am unable to teach.

...



# If the CWC makes a decision, it will never be back;100 % work for Ranil's success - Senthil Thondaman

*2024-09-15 21:50:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/193796)

Senthil Thondaman, the President of the Eastern Province and the Governor of the Eastern Province, has publicly challenged whether those who criticize the 1350 rupee salary can buy a salary increase of 35 rupees.

He said this while addressing a massive campaign meeting in Nuwara Eliya today in support of President Ranil Wickremesinghe.

2021 and 2022 was the period when Sri Lanka had suffered a severe economic crisis. Sri Lanka did not face such close proximity even during the war. There was no one to come to the forefront of protecting the country.

...



# One person injured in shooting in Badowita

*2024-09-15 21:47:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/102003/one-person-injured-in-shooting-in-badowita)

A person has been injured and admitted to hospital after he was shot at in the Badowita area in Mount Lavinia.

Police said that the shooting was carried out by two unidentified men who had arrived on a motorcycle this evening (15).

The 31-year-old injured individual, identified as Tharindu Madushan Suwaris, is receiving treatment at the Intensive Care Unit (ICU) of the Kalubowila Teaching Hospital, according to police.



# A 22 -year -old young woman in Jaffna makes a wrong decision!

*2024-09-15 21:36:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/193795)

On Sunday, the 15th of Jaffna, a woman made a wrong decision and died.

During this time, Kalachelvan Yadusini (age 22) from Kottadi, Jaffna has died.

The girl was at home alone on Sunday (15) after all the people in the house had gone out. During this time, he made a wrong decision.

The body was taken to the Jaffna Teaching Hospital for anatomical testing. The death of his body was carried out by Namasivayam Premkumar.. The body was handed over to relatives after anatomical examination.



# Mount Lavinia Badovita shot

*2024-09-15 21:19:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201057)

One person was injured in a shooting conducted in Badowita, Mount Lavinia.

The injured person has been admitted to the Kalubowila hospital.



# The country wants money and entrepreneurship Ministry - Dilith

*2024-09-15 21:01:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201056)

Dilith Jayaweera says that the Ministry of Entrepreneurs and Entrepreneurship will be aimed at creating an entrepreneurship minded Sri Lankans and advance them.

He added that a weak minister of the debt was unnecessary in the Kiribathgoda this afternoon.

Speaking further Mr. Dilith Jayaweera said,

...



# Scholarship Examination Released in 40 Days - Commissioner General of Examination

*2024-09-15 20:44:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/193794)

The Commissioner General of Examination Amit Jayasundara said that the results of the 5th Scholarship Examination held on Sunday 15th are expected to be released in 40 days.

This year's scholarship examination was held in 2,849 centers and 323,879 students appeared for the exam.



# Grade 5 Scholarship exam results in 40 days

*2024-09-15 20:33:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/102002/grade-5-scholarship-exam-results-in-40-days)

The Commissioner General of Examinations, Amith Jayasundara says that the results of the Grade 5 Scholarship Examination held today (15), is expected to be released in 40 days.

This year’s Grade 5 Scholarship exams was held in 2,849 centers with the participation of 323,879 students this morning.



# US State Department

*2024-09-15 20:30:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/193793)

The US State Department has appealed to the people of Sri Lanka to take care of the people of Sri Lanka, as the Sri Lankan presidential election is scheduled for September 21st.

In the travel consultation issued by the Department, residents of the country are asked to avoid going to places where people can gather.



# Pedestrian death

*2024-09-15 19:31:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/193777)

Minuwangoda police said that a pedestrian was killed when a pedestrian was killed when a bus traveling from Divulapitiya to Minuwangoda from Divulapitiya at the Divulapitiya - Minuwangoda road, which belongs to the Minuwangoda Police Division.

The body has been placed in the funeral room of the Minuwangoda Hospital and the bus driver has been arrested, police said.



# EC warns presidential candidates against promoting rivals

*2024-09-15 19:30:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/102001/ec-warns-presidential-candidates-against-promoting-rivals)

The Election Commission has emphasized that it is unlawful for any presidential candidate to promote another candidate during the campaign.

In an official statement, the commission clarified that candidates who have filed nominations for the upcoming presidential election are expected to campaign solely for their own victory.

The statement also noted that complaints have been received alleging that some candidates are endorsing or promoting their rivals, in violation of election laws.

...



# Sri Lanka CEB to seek floating solar investors for three reservoirs

*2024-09-15 19:29:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-ceb-to-seek-floating-solar-investors-for-three-reservoirs-179678/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka’s cabinet of minister has given the go ahead for state-run Ceylon Electricity Board to seek private investors to build floating solar power plants in three reservoirs, a statement said.

Sri Lanka’s Mahalweli Authoriy has indentified Randenigala, Moragahakanda reservoirs and the Kalawewa tank as suitable for floating solar plants.

Feasibility studies have now been done for the three reservoirs.

The cabinet had approved a proposal by Power and Energy Minister Kanchana Wijesekera to entrust the CEB to select investors under a competitive procurement process. (Colombo/Aug14/2024)



# Four arrested with vehicles stolen in Kalutara

*2024-09-15 19:27:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/193772)

Kalutara Southern Police have been arrested by the Kalutara Southern Police on Saturday (14).

They were arrested during a roundup of information received by officials of the Kalutara Divisional Criminal Investigation Division.

The suspects are from the southern part of Kalutara aged 29, 34, 40 and 60.



# Two persons arrested for illegal liquor at Mulliyawalai

*2024-09-15 19:23:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/193767)

Two persons have been arrested by the police on Saturday (14) with illegal liquor in the Koppilavu ​​area of ​​the Mulliyawala police division.

They were arrested during a roundup of confidential information received by the Mullaitivu Criminal Investigation Division.

The suspects are aged 26 and 32 from Mulliyawala.

They were seized by the police, 200 liters of liquor, 1604 liters of alcohol and 08 copper coils.

Meanwhile, the arrested persons have been handed over to the Mulliyawala police station for further investigations.



# A man arrested for illegal liquor in Ragama area

*2024-09-15 19:21:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/193764)

A man who had illegal liquor was arrested on Saturday (14) in the Nugegoda area under the Ragama Police Division.

He was arrested during a raid on the basis of information received by the Ragama Police Station.

67.5 liters (90 bottles) was seized by the police by the police.



# The decisive moment people focus!

*2024-09-15 19:15:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/193790)

This is not an election that selects an MP and a member of the Pradeshiya Sabha. It must be remembered that the president for the next five years of this country is the election that determines the ruler. We must also remember the losses we have suffered because our choices are wrong in the past. So, in Sri Lankan politics we know, experienced, and people need to choose a relevant candidate based on past events. The vote must be appropriate.



# 4,215 complaints so far

*2024-09-15 19:13:50*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/இதுவரையில்-4-215-முறைப்பாடுகள்/175-343800)

The Election Commission said that 4,215 elections have been received within the period from July 31 to September 14 in connection with the presidential election.

Accordingly, 1,360 complaints have been received for the National Election Complaint Management Center and 2,737 to the District Election Complaint Management Center for violating election laws.

Meanwhile, the Commission said that 30 complaints of violence and 88 complaints have been received to the District Election Complaint Management Center.



# Scholarship Result in 40 days

*2024-09-15 19:04:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201055)

Commissioner General of Examinations Amit Jayasundara said that the results of the Grade 5 scholarship examination held today (15) will be released in 40 days.

This year's scholarship was held at 2,849 centers and 323,879 students were present.



# Russia's red border line?

*2024-09-15 18:55:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/193788)

The Ukraine War is approaching the third year of the war, and many human lives have been lost on both sides. It is also sure that many thousands of deaths will occur if the war continues. If Russia hopes to end the war by using the nuclear weapon, as the US did in World War II, it would be a stain in history.



# Ranil's votes are at risk of strengthening votes;Corruption, defeat racists - Rishad

*2024-09-15 18:53:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/193786)

All Ceylon People's Congress President and Member of Parliament Rishad Bathiudeen said that the votes cast for Ranil Wickremesinghe in third place would be pro -Anuragumara Dissanayake and if the Anura came to power, there would be a re -era in six months.

Speaking at a public meeting held at Nintavur on Saturday (14), supporting the presidential candidate of the United People's Alliance Sajith Premadasa.

...



# Mud trader killed

*2024-09-15 18:49:47*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/மலையகம்/மண்-வர்த்தகர்-மண்ணுக்குள்-புதையுண்டு-பலி/76-343799)

Police said that a dealer who was involved in a mud trader had been killed in the mud in the Mawathagama area.

The 43 -year -old Ranasinghe Chanaka Erration, a businessman in the Harankhagoda area of ​​Weduda, has died.

He is a long -time business in Kotikapola area, police said.

It is reported that he fell into a deep pit while working with his peckho machine and died in the collapse of the soil.

Local residents say that his body was invented in removing the soil for about forty minutes and he was dead.



# Jaffna water. Resettlement of Muslims

*2024-09-15 18:48:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/193785)

The Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) screamed throughout the streets at 6 am on October 30, 1990. Muslim men Jaffna according to their announcement. Muslim women put on tears to go to Jinnah Ground. No one knows those moments ... That call is a face of refugee life.



# Want to change the presidential election?

*2024-09-15 18:47:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/193783)

As Sri Lanka approaches its presidential election, many aspects of the above are changing in complex ways, affecting the decisions of the voters and eventually the decision is decided.. Whether the current president will retain the rule or the new candidate will succeed depends on how these factors are in line with voters' preferences and expectations.



# Warning to Presidential candidates

*2024-09-15 18:46:42*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/ஜனாதிபதி-வேட்பாளர்களுக்கு-எச்சரிக்கை/175-343798)

The Sri Lanka Elections Commission has issued a warning to presidential candidates on illegal campaigning ahead of the presidential election on September 21, 2024. The Commission said they had received complaints about some candidates supporting and promoting other candidates.

In the official report, the Chairman of the Elections Commission, RMAL. Ratnayake urged all candidates to campaign only for their own success. "There have been complaints that some candidates are campaigning on behalf of others, which are clearly violated by the election law," the statement said.

...



# 726 arrested in connection with drug crime

*2024-09-15 18:44:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/193779)

726 people have been arrested in connection with drug offenses during the past 24 hours, police said.

Ten of the arrested suspects have been placed under police detention and steps have been taken to send four addictions to the rehabilitation centers.

Police said 166 grams of heroin, 212 grams of ice and 229 grams of cannabis were seized from the suspects.



# The Tamil State Party

*2024-09-15 18:43:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/193780)

A few days before the presidential election official, the Tamil National Alliance (LTTE), Tamil Eelam Alliance, Tamil Eelam People's Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE), Eelam People's Revolutionary Liberation Front, Tamil National Party, Democratic Party and Tamil National Green MovementThey have been discussing stopping.



# Election Complaints

*2024-09-15 18:40:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201054)

The Elections Commission says that 184 complaints have been received in connection with the presidential election.

The Commission issued an announcement, 184 complaints were reported over the past 24 hours.

Accordingly, 1 complaints of complaints regarding violence have been reported as 181 and two other complaints.

Accordingly, the total number of complaints reported from July 31 to 4215 has increased to 4215 complaints.

The announcement states that 3641 complaints have been resolved and another 574 complaints have been resolved.



# "Problem with dissolving Parliament"

*2024-09-15 18:32:08*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/பாராளுமன்றத்தைக்-கலைத்தால்-சிக்கல்/175-343797)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe has said that if Parliament is dissolved after the presidential election, the constitutional arrangements have been made to rule the new presidential country and will have adverse consequences for the people and the country.

However, at the National People's Power (NPP) media briefing, the transfer of power to the new president elected within the democratic structure should be democratically without a negative effect on the people.

Responding to a question raised by the Prime Minister's speculation that the president would dissolve parliament on September 21 after the presidential election.

...



# "Problem with dissolving Ranil Parliament"

*2024-09-15 18:32:08*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/ரணில்-பாராளுமன்றத்தைக்-கலைத்தால்-சிக்கல்/175-343797)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe has said that if Parliament is dissolved after the presidential election, the constitutional arrangements have been made to rule the new presidential country and will have adverse consequences for the people and the country.

However, at the National People's Power (NPP) media briefing, the transfer of power to the new president elected within the democratic structure should be democratically without a negative effect on the people.

Responding to a question raised by the Prime Minister's speculation that the president would dissolve parliament on September 21 after the presidential election.

...



# US updates Sri Lanka travel advisory ahead of presidential election

*2024-09-15 18:31:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/102000/us-updates-sri-lanka-travel-advisory-ahead-of-presidential-election-)

The United States’ Department of State has updated its travel advisory for Sri Lanka urging citizens to exercise caution in view of the upcoming presidential election.

The advisory highlights that since Sri Lanka is set to hold presidential elections on September 21, 2024, demonstrations could occur before, during, or after the election.

“In some instances, police have used water cannons and tear gas to disperse protesters. U.S. citizens are reminded to avoid all gatherings, even peaceful ones, as such gatherings can turn violent with little or no warning”, it stated.

...



# Solve the ethnic problem through the new constitution - Presidential candidate Anurakumara confirms

*2024-09-15 18:30:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/193769)

We are in the position that the administration has highlighted the parliamentary system than the administration based on the executive presidency.. However, the executive presidency and the proportional electoral system are interconnected.



# We will definitely improve the livelihood of the people of the hill plantation;They too can live in this country - Anuragumara in Talawakelle

*2024-09-15 18:22:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/193762)

We will definitely improve the livelihood of the people of the hill plantation. Their land ownership will certainly be granted. The National People's Power Presidential candidate Anura Kumara Dissanayake said that the people of the hill country can live in equal rights in this country.

He also said that there is a firm belief that the people of the hill country are partners in the success of the national people's power.

The day -to -day campaign meeting was held at Nuwara Eliya - Thalawakelle on Sunday (15) in support of Anura Kumara Dissanayake, who is contesting the presidential election on behalf of the national People's Power.

...



# Special Message to Sri Lanka

*2024-09-15 18:20:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201053)

The US State Department urges the people of the country to be thoughtful, as Sri Lankan election will be held on September 21st.

The department's travel counsel is urged to the people of the country to avoid going to the people.



# Turkish

*2024-09-15 18:17:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/193781)

Ankara's prediction is that Turkey is no longer the time to join the EU. This is because 41 percent of the world's population and 37.3 percent of the GDP in the world, the other countries, are the best platform for the market opportunity.



# More than 4 thousand complaints have been lodged in the presidential election so far

*2024-09-15 18:16:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/193784)

The Election Commission said that 4,215 complaints have been received from the presidential election (from July 31 to September 14).

Accordingly, 1,360 complaints have been received for the National Election Complaint Management Center and 2,737 to the District Election Complaint Management Center for violating election laws.

Meanwhile, the District Election Complaint Management Center has received 30 complaints of violence and 88 complaints.



# Water supply for two days

*2024-09-15 18:14:02*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/இரண்டு-நாட்கள்-நீர்-விநியோகம்-தடை/175-343796)

The National Water Supply and Drainage Board (NWSDB) said that water supply will be disrupted for two days from September 28 in many parts of Kandy.

The distribution will be returned to normal at 6.00 pm on September 30, as the water is dragged into the Polkolla Drama Dam by the Mahaweli Authority.

Therefore, consumers in the area are asked to store enough water to manage their needs during these two days.



# New Constitution will be created within two years in the new parliament - Presidential candidate Ranil Wickremesinghe Special

*2024-09-15 17:58:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/193759)

There is no racist issue in the 2024 presidential election. There is no religious issue. However, we have carried out discussions with the problems of the people of the North. We have also focused on the 13th Amendment of the Constitution. Nine provinces have a key role in the country's development journey. This is why we have focused on special issues centered on the North and East, including the political issue. It will be carried out through the Truth and Reconciliation Commission. There may be a small delay, but of course those problems will be solved.



# Sumanthiran and Wiki, who carried Fonseka on his shoulder, are making war allegations - Presidential candidate Dilith Jayaweera

*2024-09-15 17:56:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/193778)

There were losses on both sides in the war. To carry out formal inquiries and end this issue. Continue to carry only the cracks are the most. It is a massive prohibition to be fired. Sumanthiran will mention that if Mahinda Rajapaksa and Sumanthiran work together, there is no war allegation.



# The strength of the second

*2024-09-15 17:47:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/193751)

Ranil Wickremesinghe's meeting with the general candidate in the Tamil Nadu Party may be aimed at getting the second preferential votes.. Because it will express their weakness.



# The challenges of the country and the presidential election

*2024-09-15 17:39:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/193771)

To make decisions when ruled by a country. The entire world history testifies that all the countries that are dominated by the individual have been destroyed.



# Blank promises of Muslim politicians

*2024-09-15 17:39:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/193747)

If the JVP leader and the presidential candidate of the National People's Power, Anura Kumara Dissanayake, who is spreading a major revolution among the youth, is a major revolution with the main slogan that the country will eradicate corruption and the arrest of the country's property, and the arrest of the country's property.The VP was the main reason.



# Kilinochchi: Saying Sethi!

*2024-09-15 17:36:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/193773)

Minister Douglas Devananda, who was involved in the 2010 parliamentary elections on behalf of his Eelam People's Democratic Party in the 2010 parliamentary elections, was in the process of recovering the weaker Kilinochchi district in the war, and he was in the midst of his self -politics.He had come to the conclusion of the handling.



# Dalada put Sajith's Deal

*2024-09-15 17:29:57*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/சஜித்தின்-டீலை-போட்டுடைத்தார்-தலதா/175-343795)

Although opposition leader Sajith Premadasa has said that he is not going to engage in Deal politics, former United People's Power MP Dalada Athukorala challenged Sajid to reveal what he had already done with Hiru Rajapaksa and Hiru.

He challenged the 'Ranilum Charm', which is currently taking place in Ratnapura.



# I am not complicit in the biggest mistake the Tamil state party has made in the presidential election - Sridharan

*2024-09-15 17:19:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/193765)

We have fully accepted the uniqueness of the Sinhala nationality in this country. Similarly, Tamils ​​should be accepted as a nationality. However, the Sinhalese leaders do not accept it or bring it to the Sinhalese. However, we are ready to negotiate with the Sinhala government on the political solution for the Tamils.



# Suspect arrested for money to promote a Presidential candidate

*2024-09-15 17:17:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201051)

Muttur police have arrested a person who has been distributed to a presidential candidate.

The police arrested in the Kinniya area in the Kinniya area.

The suspect was arrested by the election accusation of the incident in the investigation carried out by the Muttur Police.

Investigation revealed that the suspect had taken action to promote the relevant presidential candidate to enter politics in the future.



# CaFFE warns over increase in incidents of election-related violence

*2024-09-15 17:16:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/101999/caffe-warns-over-increase-in-incidents-of-election-related-violence)

The Campaign for Free and Fair Elections (CaFFE) says that although the pre-election period of the 2024 Presidential Election was peaceful compared to the other years, there has been a marked increase in incidents of election-related violence observed within the period from September 08 to September 14.

The Executive Director of CaFFE, Manas Makeen highlighted that the majority of the incidents reported were of intimidation, assault of political party supporters, and damages to party offices.

Furthermore, it has been observed that there is an increase in posts insulting presidential candidates being shared on social media, he added.

...



# Israeli missile attacks from 2,000 km

*2024-09-15 17:15:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201050)

International Media stated that Indian militants have been able to borrow Iran to a ballistic missile to a ballistic missile.

Commenting on the attack, the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has said that northern Yemen can have a large number of compensation.

The attack on this attack today (15) can be mentioned as the first time the rebellion has been launched.

Hube Spokes Aya Seariya said a hypenic bulistist missile was used for about 2,040 km to the attack.

It was reported that the missiles had fallen into the cultivation of a culture of Israel.

...



# "We will definitely improve the plantation people"

*2024-09-15 17:12:34*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/மலையகம்/பெருந்தோட்ட-மக்களை-நிச்சயம்-மேம்படுத்துவோம்/76-343793)

We will definitely improve the livelihood of the people of the mountain plantation. Their land ownership will certainly be granted. The people of the hill country can live in equal rights in this country, ”said Anura Kumara Dissanayake, the Presidential candidate of the National People's Power.

He also said that there is a firm belief that the people of the hill country will be partners in the success of national people's power.

...



# The number of the deaths of Myanmar due to 'Yagi'

*2024-09-15 16:47:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201049)

The influence of 'Yagi' cyclone has increased to 74 people from myanmar.

Myanmar authorities have said that 89 others have disappeared and about 240,000 people are displaced.

Previously, Vietnam, Laos, and Thailand were severely affected by the cyclone of the Yagi.

Accordingly, foreign media reports that the total number of deaths occurred over the southeast Asian countries due to the hurricane.



# Measures to be closed for 2 days of liquor stores

*2024-09-15 16:42:26*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/දිවයින-පුරා-සුරාසැල්-දින-02ක්-වසා-තැබීමට-පියවර/11-411950)

Two days of the island has decided to be closed down to two days island wide due to the Presidential election.

Accordingly, the Excise Commissioner General of Excise announced the closing of liquor shops throughout the island on the 21st and 22nd.



# What if a candidate promotes another candidate

*2024-09-15 16:13:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201048)

The Elections Commission says that it is illegal to promote another candidate for a presidential election.

In a statement, the Commission says that a candidate has handed over the nominations for the presidential election.

It has also received complaints regarding the promotion of candidates.

According to the Elections Commission, the candidate and the candidate who promotes the promotion as well as the candidate who promotes the promotion as well as the promotional candidate will be promoted.



# Prime Minister Modi's pet depephant

*2024-09-15 15:59:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201047)

Indian Prime Minister Modhi, Modhi, in New Delhi, has reported how to spend time with the calf with the calf of the Maj of Maj.

It is reported that the white mark found in the calves of the calf, is said to be "Deepjothy" in the sense of light.

Prime Minister Modi had published his official X account of "Deep Geothi".



# Arrested with heroin in Kalkissa

*2024-09-15 15:52:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/193752)

A man was arrested by the Kalkissa police on Saturday (14) with heroin drugs near the railway station belonging to the Kalkissa Police Division.

He was arrested during a raid conducted by a team of officials of the Kalkissa police station.

The suspect was 47 years old from Ratmalana area.

10 grams of 200 milligrams of heroin from the suspect was seized by the police.



# Stumbling block

*2024-09-15 15:45:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/193753)

Sumanthiran, who is now saying that the 97 -year -old mother of Dr. Jayampathi Wickremaratne's mother has insisted that the word 'unity of the new constitution' should be included in the new constitution, says that Sumanthiran is a united kingdom.. So why did he try to bite it to the people as a federal?



# Two supporters of Ranil in Anura and Sajith team

*2024-09-15 15:42:48*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/அனுர-சஜித்-அணியில்-இருவர்-ரணிலுக்கு-ஆதரவு/175-343784)

Executive Committee of the National People's Power. Nawaz joined the "Ranilum Calam" victory in Kandy in Kandy, in support of Independent candidate President Ranil Wickremesinghe in the upcoming presidential election.



# President apologizes for Henry Petris

*2024-09-15 15:29:00*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/ஹென்றி-பெட்ரிஸுக்கு-ஜனாதிபதி-மன்னிப்பு/175-343783)

109 years after President pardon Henry Pedris, who was killed by unreasonable trial by British

The president has pardoned Captain Edward Henry Bethris after the death of British rulers 109 years ago by British rulers.

President Ranil Wickremesinghe has been pardoned by President Ranil Wickremesinghe in accordance with Article 33 of the Constitution and the special gazette notification was issued on the 12th.

On July 7, 1915, Captain Edward Henry Pedrissu was sentenced to death after an unfair hearing of a military court appointed by the then Governor of Sri Lanka Robert Samas, June 25, 1915.

...



# A small moon around the earth at the time soon

*2024-09-15 15:27:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201046)

Astronomers say that a small moon of about 10 meters is to be orbital around the earth.

The subscriber is 2024 PT FOVE (PT 5), the subscriber, the earth's gravity, will rotate around the earth.

It has shown that 53 days from September 29 to November 29.



# One person killed by wild elephant

*2024-09-15 15:25:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/193737)

Arakangwila police said that one person was killed when a wild elephant was attacked near the Madhuru Oya reservoir belonging to the Aralangwila police division.



# 3rd grade student dies of heart attack

*2024-09-15 15:13:41*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/3-ஆம்-வகுப்பு-மாணவி-மாரடைப்பால்-மரணம்/175-343782)

Once upon a heart attack came to the elderly. However, without age differences, there is currently a heart attack. This is mentioned due to false eating habits. In this case, a student in Class 3 at the Montford School in Lucknow has died of a heart attack.

A 9 -year -old student named Singh was suddenly fainted while playing with her fellow students and was immediately admitted to the hospital and later transferred to a different hospital.

It is noteworthy that the girl's parents have accused the girl of not taking any action despite the matter.



# One person arrested in Katunayake with cigarettes brought from Dubai

*2024-09-15 15:07:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/193741)

Police have arrested a suspect at the Katunayake airport premises yesterday (14) with 6200 (31 cartoons) foreign cigarettes from Dubai to Sri Lanka.

He was arrested after a group of officials of the Katunayake Airport Division of the Police Bureau of Police.

Further investigations are being carried out by the Police Drug Eradication Bureau Katunayake Airport.



# Longmade

*2024-09-15 14:52:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/193732)

The Sri Lankan government is going to protect the criminals. It is going to allow the perpetrators to escape. Is going to save from the danger of being convicted. To achieve this purpose, the Truth Reconciliation Commission is to be formed.



# Russia and Ukraine exchange 206 prisoners

*2024-09-15 14:48:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/101996/russia-and-ukraine-exchange-206-prisoners)

Russia and Ukraine have exchanged 206 prisoners of war in a deal brokered by the United Arab Emirates (UAE).

Russia’s ministry of defence said its 103 released servicemen came from among those captured during the Kursk incursion.

Posting pictures of some of those released on Saturday, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky said: “Our people are home”.

Last month, Ukrainian forces launched a surprise attack across the Russian border, advancing up to 30km (18 miles) into the Kursk region.

...



# A man arrested with ice drugs in Mattukkuli

*2024-09-15 14:45:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/193746)

A suspect in the Samitpura area of ​​the Mattakkuli police division has been arrested by the Mattakkuli police on Saturday (14).

He was arrested during a raid carried out by a group of officials of the Colombo Crime Branch.



# 25 people killed by leaking fuel

*2024-09-15 14:32:56*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/உலக-செய்திகள்/கசிந்த-எரிபொருளால்-25-பேர்-உடல்-கருகி-பலி/50-343781)

It suddenly exploded when it went to catch the leaked fuel in a tanker lorry in Haiti. At least 25 people were tragically killed in the incident.

At least 40 people have been admitted to hospital in the incident in Mirakone.

As soon as the Prime Minister Kary Gonel visited there, he visited there. Then he said, the incident is very gorgeous. He said he would help the family of the victims.

The tanker was standing at 7 am. Eyewitnesses said that when the fuel was leaked, suddenly exploded. It is noteworthy that accidents are frequent there.



# Dilith Jayaweera advocates for greater economic inclusion of women in Sri Lanka

*2024-09-15 14:28:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/101995/dilith-jayaweera-advocates-for-greater-economic-inclusion-of-women-in-sri-lanka)

The presidential candidate of the ‘Sarvajana Balaya’ alliance, entrepreneur Dilith Jayaweera emphasized his commitment to integrating more women into Sri Lanka’s economic landscape.

Addressing a rally held in Kalalgoda, Jayaweera highlighted the pivotal role women play in both family and national prosperity, stating: “One of the primary reasons for my political foray is the women of Sri Lanka. For years, I have been advocating for greater recognition of their role in our society. We need to harness and support the entrepreneurship of Sri Lankan women.”

...



# Murder of a wife with sharp weapon;Husband arrested;Another woman hurt!

*2024-09-15 14:02:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/193728)

The wife has been assassinated by her husband in a house in the Publicittiya area under the Waduwa Police Division.

In addition, another woman has been admitted to the hospital in the attack and the husband has been arrested in connection with the attack.

The woman, who was injured in the attack, has been admitted to the Nagoda Hospital in Kalutara and the sister of the deceased woman is the police investigation.

Police said the murder had taken place when a husband and wife were attacked by a sharp weapon due to a family dispute.



# Here is the cause of a plane with the President in the Law

*2024-09-15 13:54:01*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/ජනපති-සමග-පැමිණි-ගුවන්-යානයක්-හදීසියේ-ගොඩ-බෑමට-හේතුව-මෙන්න/11-411949)

An insulated aircraft with President Ranil Wickremesinghe was landed at the Eppawala Police that a flight of Sri Lanka Air Force (SLAF 522) in Eppawala due to a technical prosecution.

The aircraft was built on Eppawala, Quea, Queen of Eppawala, Yaya, 68 canal paddy fields.

The police said that no lives or property damages had been damaged, police said.



# Namal promises long-term political vision over short-term gains

*2024-09-15 13:38:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/101993/namal-promises-long-term-political-vision-over-short-term-gains)

Sri Lanka Podujana Peramuna (SLPP) presidential candidate, Namal Rajapaksa pledged a long-term political commitment, emphasizing his vision for shaping a better future for the next generation, rather than focusing on a conventional five-year term.

Addressing a public rally in Wellawaya yesterday (14), Rajapaksa criticized the current political discourse, highlighting that many candidates who once dismissed key development projects initiated by his father, former President Mahinda Rajapaksa, are now championing them.

...



# Prison to the owner of tomato juice

*2024-09-15 13:34:20*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/தக்காளிச்சாறு-உரிமையாளருக்கு-சிறை/175-343780)

Benzoic acid that is harmful to human health

The health inspector has been sued by the owner, distribution, and the owner of the production company, which has been used by the artificial chromosome.

The Magistrate's Court on Friday (13) sentenced the owner of the tomato juice mixture to the owner of the tomato juice mixture in the case of Public Health Inspector S. Ravikaran in the Wellaveli Health Officer Division in Batticaloa District.

This was confirmed by the Public Health Inspector of the Wellaveli Health Medical Officer Division S. Ravikaran.



# Woman is the character who can create a happy thing - Dilith

*2024-09-15 13:28:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201045)

Dilith Entrepreneurship Dilith Jayaweera says he intends to involve women who are not involved in the GDP.

He was speaking at a program held in Kalalgoda.

Speaking further Mr. Dilith Jayaweera said,

...



# "I'm going to resign in 2 more days"

*2024-09-15 13:14:57*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/இன்னும்-2-நாட்களில்-ராஜினாமா-செய்யப்-போகிறேன்/175-343779)

New Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal has said that he will resign in the next 48 hours.

In a statement, he said, “I am going to resign as CM in 2 more days. I'm not going to sit in the CM chair anymore. Aam Aadmi Party's future is handed over to the hands of voters. I will no longer go to every house on every street of New Delhi. People voted for me and again made me the first of New Delhi.

...



# 4.7% increase in the country's economy

*2024-09-15 13:03:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201044)

The Sri Lankan economy recorded a growth of 4.7 percent in the second quarter of 2024, the Department of Census and Statistics.

The Department of Census and Statistics have revealed that the National Account Estimates for the second quarter of 2024.

Accordingly, the first quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of 2023 was Rs.. 2,644,240 million. It was Rs. 224 in the second quarter of 2024. 2,768,293 million.

In the second quarter of 2024, the Department of Census and Statistics have reportedly reported positions of 1.7 percent and 2.5 percent respectively.



# Waterproofing from 28 September 28 in many parts of Kandy

*2024-09-15 12:59:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/193736)

The National Water Supply and Drainage Board said that water supply will be disrupted for two days from September 28 in many parts of Kandy.

Accordingly, the water supply will be banned from 1 pm on Saturday, September 28, and the water supply will return to normal at 6 pm on September 30.

Therefore, consumers in the area are asked to save enough water to manage their needs during these two days.



# To whom will Gotabhaya's 69 lakh votes go?

*2024-09-15 12:50:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/193724)

In 2019, secret propaganda activities were carried out in support of Gotabay. Some monks, including Gnanasara, played an important role. The country knows that Gotabhaya was behind the creation of the BBS. Similarly, the substantial of the floating votes is distracted by the page. The Sinhalese votes in the Southern Provincial Council of Mahinda's area have turned to Anura.



# Sajith's election manifesto is just a skeleton

*2024-09-15 12:49:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/193738)

As far as the Tamil people are concerned, the basic issue of political solution is that there are five issues, such as the issue of responsibility for ethnicity, the issue of aggression, the problem of normalcy, and the problem of war impacts. The Tamil people reject any political solution on the issue of political solutions. They expect national recognition of sovereignty recognition and self -determination.



# Election-related complaints surpass 4,000

*2024-09-15 12:46:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/101992/election-related-complaints-surpass-4000)

The Election Commission reported that a total of 4,031 complaints have been received thus far in relation to the presidential election.

This includes a total of 203 more complaints received by the election regulatory body during the past 24 hours.

In a statement, the commission noted that 3,916 these complaints were received related to violations of election laws, and 29 complaints related to acts of violence were reported.

On Saturday (14), Chairman of the Election Commission R.M.A.L. Rathnayake said that there is a slight increase in the number of complaints received in relation to the presidential election this year.



# One person was killed by a sharp weapon

*2024-09-15 12:45:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/193723)

Investigations have been launched based on information received by the police regarding the death of a man who was attacked by a sharp weapon in the Heinpalla area of ​​the Baduraliya Police Division.

The 70 -year -old man from Morapitiya, Morapitiya, has died in the attack, police said.

Baduraliya police are conducting further investigations to arrest the suspect.



# Death rite

*2024-09-15 12:40:14*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/நாய்க்கும்-மரணச்-சடங்கு/175-343778)

The funeral of a foster dog, like performing a funeral for humans. The incident took place today in Jaffna - Vaddukoddai, Mavadi.

Rodweeler ethnic dog, also known as Pisa, has been born on 20.08.2006. Pisa died on Saturday (2024.09.14) over the age of 18.

The funeral has been raised for the last 10 years. For the past 10 years, he has held a funeral to the penny as a funeral for humans for the loan of gratitude for him.

The body of the penny was taken as a funeral everywhere in the Vaddukoddai area. Then the body of the Ezaman of the penny was well -existed.



# “Ranil's success is confirmed”

*2024-09-15 12:39:11*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/ரணிலின்-வெற்றி-உறுதி/175-343777)

Independent candidate in the presidential election is determined to win President Ranil Wickremesinghe. Therefore, the Tamil -speaking people must be partners of this victory. UNP Ratnapura District Organizer Subbaiah Anandakumar said that the rights and development could be easily won.

Voting is the democratic weapon of the people. He also called for the use of the weapon for the progress of the country and for our progress.

Subbaiah Anandakumar said this while addressing a campaign meeting in Ratnapura. He further stated that

...



# Disorder

*2024-09-15 12:32:16*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/பாதுகாப்புக்கு-சென்ற-உலங்குவானூர்தியில்-கோளாறு/175-343775)

Independent presidential candidate President Ranil Wickremesinghe landed on the Eppawala belt due to the mechanical failure of the Ulangaurdi who came to protect the helicopter.

About an hour later, a helicopter was repaired and departed, a Presidential Security Unit official said.

The Sri Lanka Air Force -owned Bell 412 aircraft has been a technical disorder.



# Cellabus

*2024-09-15 12:32:16*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/பாதுகாப்புக்கு-சென்ற-உலங்கு-வானூர்தியில்-கோளாறு/175-343775)

Independent presidential candidate President Ranil Wickremesinghe landed on the Eppawala belt due to the mechanical failure of the Ulangaurdi who came to protect the helicopter.

About an hour later, a helicopter was repaired and departed, a Presidential Security Unit official said.

The Sri Lanka Air Force -owned Bell 412 aircraft has been a technical disorder.



# Will the bud team save Ranil?

*2024-09-15 12:19:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/193721)

Ranil Wickremesinghe is staying in successful whether MPs will remain with Ranil Wickremesinghe, whether they will give him a long time or a loyal to him.. If he fails, the United National Party and him may disappear from history.



# India's wrong attitude

*2024-09-15 12:09:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/193718)

India has openly stated that the provincial councils rejected by moderate Tamil leaders 37 years ago and the 13th Amendment are the solution to the ethnic problem.



# 64 farmers killed in boat crashes in Nigeria

*2024-09-15 12:08:44*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/உலக-செய்திகள்/நைஜீரியாவில்-படகு-கவிழ்ந்து-விவசாயிகள்-64-பேர்-பரிதாப-பலி/50-343774)

In Nigeria, more than 70 farmers were killed in a river carrying more than 70 farmers, and 64 people were killed.

Farmers of Jambara State in Northwest Nigeria must cross the river daily for their agricultural work. The accident occurred when 70 people boarded the boat.

Of these, 64 farmers were drowned and tragically killed. 6 people were safely rescued. The accident has caused great tragedy in the country.

A rescue officer said, “A wooden boat carrying 70 farmers crashed into their agricultural lands near Gummi Nagar.. Local people helped the rescue operations.

...



# Anura Kumara threatens legal action against critics over ‘conspiracy theories’

*2024-09-15 12:07:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/101991/anura-kumara-threatens-legal-action-against-critics-over-conspiracy-theories)

Anura Kumara Dissanayake, the presidential candidate of the National People’s Power (NPP), vowed to hold accountable those who spread false information out of fear of the NPP’s potential victory.

Addressing a public rally in Mirigama, Dissanayake expressed his intent to pursue legal action against individuals who disseminate misleading claims.

...



# Two million cigarettes seized from Katunayake

*2024-09-15 12:02:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201043)

Customs seized from the Katunayake airport for two crolls of foreign products and electronic cigarettes worth Rs.

Customs personnel have been arrested by the Customs Officers in the Katunayake Airport's at the Arrival airport.

The suspect is a resident of Colombo 13, police said.

The man from Dubai to SriLankan Airlines UL, the airplane was reached at the Katunayake Airport on the 226.

Katunayake Airport Customs customs have recovered 602 cigarettes cigarettes in the aircraft he brought.



# The implementation of the 13th Amendment will not affect the unity of the country - we have an obligation to implement it - Sajith

*2024-09-15 11:44:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/193726)

I have informed the need to implement 13 quarters, and I will report it today and tomorrow. "

'The country's races need to be reconciled among religions, is the 13th Amendment in the legal book? "

The President of the United People's Power, Wade, said, "We have an obligation to implement the 13th Amendment," I know that the other leaders are afraid to report it.Bureau Sajit Breadasa said in an interview

Question - How do you feel a weekly time to take place?

Answer- My challenge is to restore the country, no one you mentioned above is challenging me.

Answer- I can see on September 22, I am not politically experienced.

...



# Make your child's tomorrow building responsibility - Namal

*2024-09-15 11:36:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201042)

Namal Rajapaksa, president of the Sri Lanka Civil Aru

...



# Free and fair elections essential to Sri Lanka’ s democracy - US

*2024-09-15 11:30:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/101990/free-and-fair-elections-essential-to-sri-lanka-s-democracy-us)

The United States looks forward to working closely with the candidate Sri Lankan voters choose to lead their country into the future, says the US Ambassador to Sri Lanka Julie Chung.

Posting a message on ‘ X’  (formerly Twitter) to mark the International Day of Democracy, she highlighted that this day celebrates the principles of any strong and stable democracy, like accountability, human rights, justice, and ensuring that every individual has a say in shaping their future through elections.

...



# Sajith promises to transform Sri Lanka’s healthcare system, address critical issues

*2024-09-15 11:24:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/101989/sajith-promises-to-transform-sri-lankas-healthcare-system-address-critical-issues-)

Sajith Premadasa, the presidential candidate of the Samagi Jana Balawegaya (SJB), pledged to usher in a transformative era for Sri Lanka’s healthcare system after September 21.

Speaking at a health conference held in Colombo, Premadasa outlined: “After the 21st, we will have the opportunity to address the critical issues that have long plagued our health system.”

...



# Those who socialize false facts come to court - Anura

*2024-09-15 11:21:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201041)

The presidency of the National Poor Kumara Dissanayake says that the people who reconcile false issues will be reached by their government to reintegrate false issues.

...



# Two women rescued after being swept away by strong river currents

*2024-09-15 11:13:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/101988/two-women-rescued-after-being-swept-away-by-strong-river-currents)

Two women were rescued by police and lifeguards after being swept away by strong river currents while bathing in the Amban Ganga.

The incident had reportedly occurred in the Moragolla area following the opening of the sluice gates at the Bowatenna Reservoir in Naula.

According to reports, the water levels surged unexpectedly, sweeping the two women away while they were bathing in the river. Naula Police had then taken immediate steps to control the water flow from the reservoir and rescued the two women with the help of police lifeguards.

The women, aged 20 and 25, are residents of Kongahawela and Kagama areas, police said.



# Two women who were swept water in the water as the water level of the Amban River rose

*2024-09-15 11:07:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/193717)

Two women who were drowned in the Moragolla area were swept away and later recovered, police said that the water level of the Amban River has risen due to the opening of the water level in the Naula Police Division.

The two women who were swept water were 20 and 25 years old from Kongahawela and Kakama areas.

Two women who were swept away in the water have been rescued by the Dambulla Police Life Soldiers and handed over to their parents.



# Here is the Sri Lankan who came with the New Zealand team

*2024-09-15 11:01:13*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/sports/නවසීලන්ත-කණ්ඩායම-සමග-පැමිණි-ශ්‍රී-ලාංකිකයා-මෙන්න/9-411948)

New Zealand team for the two-match Test series arrived in the island yesterday (14).

Former spinner, Rangana Herath, along with the team, also attended.

He is the spinner coach of New Zealand.



# Dilith urges to use votes to put an end to ‘politics of thieves’

*2024-09-15 10:59:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/101987/dilith-urges-to-use-votes-to-put-an-end-to-politics-of-thieves)

The presidential candidate of ‘Sarvajana Balaya’ alliance Dilith Jayaweera emphasized that his national strategic plan is not about empty promises but rather a strategic program designed for real-world implementation.

Speaking during a public rally held in Akuressa, Jayaweera stated: “This is not just another document of promises. In the history of Sri Lankan politics, this is possibly the first time a strategic program like this has been presented in a presidential election since independence.”

...



# Sajith promises

*2024-09-15 10:38:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201040)

The presidential candidate Sajith Premadasa, Sajith Premadasa, says that the golden age of the Free Health Campaign will produce after 21st.

He was speaking at a health conference held in Colombo yesterday.

...



# Sri Lanka President promises strong exchange rate to reduce cost of living

*2024-09-15 10:38:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-president-promises-strong-exchange-rate-to-reduce-cost-of-living-179651/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka President Ranil Wickremesinghe said a strong exchange rate has reduced the cost of living a little, and he will continue to work for a strong rupee if elected for a second term.

“When I strengthen the rupee, you’re the burden of living will become lighter,” President Wickremesinghe told a rally in Gampola in the central province.

President Wickremesinghe was echoing the words of Goh Keng Swee, the economic architect of Singapore gave then President J R Jayewardene when the currency was under pressure by 1980 the country was pushed into an IMF program.

...



# Ranil will lighten next year - Ranil

*2024-09-15 10:25:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201039)

Ranil Wickremesinghe says that the independent presidency is lightening next year.

He was speaking at the Sri Lanka 'Fishing Rally in Kegalle yesterday (14).

...



# Resolution to disable social websites?

*2024-09-15 10:21:41*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/சமூக-வலைத்தளங்களை-முடக்க-தீர்மானம்/175-343770)

It is reported that the Election Commission is planning to shut down social websites for 48 hours after the presidential campaign is over.

In this context, no election campaign is being carried out on the 19th and 20th, and action will be taken to stop the mud on social media.

The Election Commission has been focused on the project, along with companies belonging to the Telecommunications Regulatory Commission and the Social Media Network.

It is reported that the campaign is completely banned during this period, but it is reported that it is planning to campaign through social websites.

...



# Tamil general candidate is a symbol of the unity of the Eelam Tamil people- the priests of the North, East and Peace

*2024-09-15 10:21:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/193690)

The Tamil general candidate is a symbol of the unity of the Eelam Tamil people and therefore the Tamils ​​should be elected to the North East.

The country is preparing for a presidential election again. The political knowledge of this presidential election or the presidential candidate has been presented as the history of their individual and collective politics.. It is not necessary to underline how much hope it is. The fact that this presidential election is being held from the frame within the monopoly political system cannot be told.

...



# Threatening the life of Tin's TV Chancellor

*2024-09-15 10:17:00*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/மலையகம்/டின்சின்-த-வி-அதிபரின்-உயிருக்கு-அச்சுறுத்தல்/76-343769)

It has been revealed that many sides have been threatened by many sides of Bogawantalawa Tinsin Tamil Vidyalaya.

This is in connection. The Chancellor, who has lodged a complaint at the Bogawantalawa police station, has taken the notice of the Hatton Kotakkal Education Office and the Sri Lanka Teachers Union.

It is also alleged that President Prabhakaran has used hard words and the most ridiculous words when condemning the students.

...



# 19 Indian fishermen repatriated from Sri Lanka, reach Chennai

*2024-09-15 10:16:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/101986/19-indian-fishermen-repatriated-from-sri-lanka-reach-chennai)

Nineteen Indian fishermen who were released from the custody of Sri Lanka reached Chennai, a statement by Indian Embassy in Sri Lanka said.

The statement came on Friday as fishermen community and the villagers in Tharuvaikulam of Tamil Nadu’s Thoothukudi district staged a one-day hunger strike on Monday demanding the release of 22 fishermen “arrested” by the Sri Lankan Navy.

In a post on X, Indian Embassy in Sri Lanka stated, “Returning home to India! 19 Indian fishermen have been safely repatriated from Sri Lanka and are on their way back to Chennai.”

...



# Year 05 Scholarship Examination today

*2024-09-15 10:07:29*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/05-වසර-ශිෂ්‍යත්ව-විභාගය-අද/11-411947)

This year's examination will be held in 2,849 centers across the country and 323,879 candidates have been eligible for this purpose.



# Is Bin Laden's son alive?

*2024-09-15 09:53:05*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/உலக-செய்திகள்/உயிருடன்-உள்ளாரா-பின்லேடன்-மகன்/50-343768)

It is reported that Hamza bin Laden, the son of the late Osama bin Laden, the terrorist leader of the al -Qaeda Organization, is alive and that he is planning to carry out terrorist attacks on Western countries.

Osama bin Laden, the leader of the al -Qaeda terrorist organization, who threatened and threatened the world in 2001.

Following this, US soldiers ruled out the organization in 2011 and killed Osama bin Laden in Pakistan.

...



# Is the army to ensure security?

*2024-09-15 09:51:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/193715)

Investigations are being carried out on the basis of war crimes and the fear that the culprits are punished, and the people in the forces are in fear that they will be scared.. There are fears that they can be taken to Geneva for war crimes, but there is no fear of being punished at home, even if there is no fear of being able to be punished at home.



# The future of the Bangladesh clothing industry

*2024-09-15 09:51:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/193714)

The big companies that produce power plants in Bangladesh belong to India. The Bangladesh government has not repaid the amount of debt to be accumulated, and these companies have disabled power supply.. Because of this, the power outage is implemented and the factories operate less than the usual.



# Man stabs 23-year-old wife to death, injures sister-in-law

*2024-09-15 09:49:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/101985/man-stabs-23-year-old-wife-to-death-injures-sister-in-law)

A woman has been stabbed to death with a sharp weapon by her husband over a personal dispute in the Pothupitiya area of the Wadduwa police division.

The deceased is a 23-year-old resident of the Pothupitiya area in Gorakagahawatta.

Wadduwa Police had been informed by the ‘119’ Information Centre regarding a woman being assaulted by her husband in their home last evening.

Upon arriving at the scene, the police officers discovered that a woman had been murdered with a sharp weapon, and that another woman had sustained injuries in the attack.

The injured woman was admitted to the Kalutara Nagoda Hospital for treatment.

...



# Israel's decay

*2024-09-15 09:46:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/193712)

Historically, a number of factors may cause a nation sink. This can be a result of a series of neighboring attacks or long -term civil war. This may occur following the breakdown of public companies that cannot provide services to citizens. Often this is a slow -decaying process. This is the speed of time and then the short -term, and the short -term, a certain period of time, and the structures that appeared to be solid and firmly.



# At least 64 people feared dead in Nigeria boat accident

*2024-09-15 09:03:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/101984/at-least-64-people-feared-dead-in-nigeria-boat-accident)

At least 64 people were feared dead following a boat accident on a river in Zamfara State in northwest Nigeria, local officials said on Saturday.

A wooden boat carrying 70 farmers capsized as it was transporting them across the river to reach their farmlands close to Gummi town on Saturday morning. Local authorities swiftly mobilised residents for a rescue operation, and after three hours, six survivors were pulled from the water.

“This is the second time such an incident has occurred in the Gummi Local Government Area,” said Aminu Nuhu Falale, a local administrator who led the rescue efforts.

...



# Thunder showers in several areas

*2024-09-15 08:54:21*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/ප්‍රදේශ-කිහිපයකට-අද-ගිගුරුම්-සහිත-වැසි/11-411946)

Showers or thundershowers will occur at times in the Western, Sabaragamuwa and Northwestern provinces, in general area Kandy, Nuwara Eliya, Galle and Matara districts.

There are also mm in the Western and Sabaragamuwa provinces and in the Galle and Matara districts.. Heavy rains can occur some 50.



# Grade 5 Scholarship Exam at 2,849 centres today

*2024-09-15 08:38:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/101983/grade-5-scholarship-exam-at-2849-centres-today)

The Grade 05 Scholarship Examination is scheduled to commence at 9.30 a.m. today (15) at exam centers across the island.

The Department of Examination stated that a total of 323,879 applicants are expected to sit for the Grade 5 Scholarship Exam this year.

The Commissioner General of Examinations, Amit Jayasundara, says that the examination is to be held at 2,849 centres across the island and that all necessary arrangements have been made for this.

...



# Finish the politics of Kirindi - Dilith

*2024-09-15 08:36:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201038)

The presidential candidate entrepreneur Dilith Jayaweera says that he has been presented not a promise of paper but a strategic program in the earthquake.

Addressing Entrepreneral Dilith Jayaweera was speaking at a famil in Akuressa.

...



# Two young girls are sweeping

*2024-09-15 08:13:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201037)

Two women in the Moragolla have dropped the water level of the Amban River due to the opening of Naula, Bowathena reservoir.

However, immediate police officers have been controlled by the reservoir, which has been carried out immediately.

The Dambulla Police Health Services has been summoned and handed over to the parents who had rescued the first aid.

The two women were residents of 20 and 25 years and are residents of Kongahawela and Kaga.

