# #SriLanka :sri_lanka: News Bulletin

<div id="news_lk_bulletin">

*Updated* **2024-03-08 20:02:06**

1. **Sri Lanka has experienced a significant surge in HIV/AIDS cases in 2023**, recording close to 700 cases, reflecting a 13 percent increase compared to 2022. Out of the cases reported in 2023, 91 males and five females fall within the age range of 15-24, while the remaining cases are individuals above 25 years old. The male-to-female ratio of reported HIV cases in 2023 stands at 7.5:1 [**Daily Mirror**].

2. **Sri Lanka plans to call tenders for a 50 MegaWatt wind plant in the North Eastern Mannar area**, next week as investor interest increased amid economic stability. Mannar is an area with a Ceylon Electricity Board wind plant with a proven plant factor of around 45 percent which sharply reduces the costs per unit [**Economy Next**].

3. **Sri Lanka has recorded an over 16 percent increase in workers’ remittances** while tourism earnings have increased by nearly 114 percent in February 2024 compared to the previous year, according to the latest data from the Central Bank of Sri Lanka (CBSL). Workers’ remittances reached USD 476.2 million in February 2024, showing a growth of 16.88% compared to February 2023. Meanwhile, the earnings from tourism in February 2024 were recorded as USD 345.7 million, an increase of 113.92% compared with the same month last year [**Ada Derana**].

4. **The revised Electricity Act has been sent to the Legal Draftsman’s Department for review** by the Minister of Power and Energy, Kanchana Wijesekera, who anticipates presenting it to Parliament for approval in April following Cabinet endorsement. Additionally, efforts are underway to further reduce fuel prices through a transparent pricing formula [**Ada Derana**].

5. **An Indian warship, INS Kolkata, rescued 21 crew members from the cargo ship 'True Confidence'** after it was targeted by a missile launched by Houthi rebels in the Gulf of Aden. Among those rescued were two Sri Lankans, one of whom sustained injuries during the attack [**Daily Mirror**].

6. **The United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA) underscores the critical importance of protecting the rights and dignity of women and girls in Sri Lanka**, especially amidst the challenges of a post-pandemic world and economic uncertainties. Pio Smith, the Asia-Pacific Regional Director of UNFPA, emphasized the urgent need for dedicated efforts towards the health, safety, and wellbeing of women and girls during a recent three-day visit to the island nation [**Daily Mirror**].

7. **Talangama police have arrested 22 Indian citizens** allegedly involved in illegal activities using computer and smart phones, based on a complaint lodged by an Indian embassy [**Virakesari**].

8. **Dr. Lanka Jayasuriya Dissanayake reports that 1,095 women die of breast cancer annually in Sri Lanka** and 5,475 women suffer from breast cancer. She highlighted that every 8 women living in Sri Lanka have the risk of breast cancer, with three women dying daily in the country due to this disease [**Virakesari**].

9. **Special train services will be carried out from today to mark the long weekend holiday**, including services in the northern and hill country. These services aim to accommodate the increased travel demand during the holiday period [**Tamil Mirror**].

10. **The National Building Research Organization (NBRO) reports that some cities in Sri Lanka will experience increased air pollution today**. The Sri Lankan air travelers (PM2.5), the Sri Lanka's air travelers (SL Aqi), was valued at 61-150, indicating a moderate level of air pollution [**Ada**].

</div>

[Previous](data) Bulletins

## Methodology

This bulletin has been autogenerated by OpenAI's [gpt-4-0125-preview](https://platform.openai.com/docs/models/gpt-4-and-gpt-4-turbo) model, with the following prompt:

*Extract objective facts from this set of news articles, that might be of practical use to ordinary Sri Lankans,and present as 10 detailed bullets. EXCLUDE news not directly relevant to Sri Lanka. DO NOT repeat facts. EXCLUDE marketing/propaganda. EXCLUDE political opinions/statements by politicians. DO mention the name of the source, as "[newspaper]". EMPHASIZE named entities and statistics in bold.*

## Source News

Based on **186** News Articles, from the last **24** hours.

# Gunmen kidnap 227 pupils from school in Nigeria

*2024-03-08 19:27:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Gunmen-kidnap-227-pupils-from-school-in-Nigeria/108-278508)

KADUNA, Nigeria, March 7 (Reuters) - Gunmen in Nigeria kidnapped more than 200 school pupils in the northern town of Kuriga on Thursday, a teacher, local councillor and parents of the missing children said, in the biggest mass abduction from a school since 2021.

Police in Kaduna state did not respond to requests for comment on the abductions, which happened shortly after morning assembly at the Local Government Education Authority School in the town of Kuriga.

...



# Crowd in Canada massacre is outstanding

*2024-03-08 19:09:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194302)

The mother of the four killed in the capital city of Canada was a resident of Sri Lanka.

The mother of 35-year-old Dillynika Ekanayake told Ada Derana

"I felt that something would happen. I just got some of the grave boxes. I thought there was no big trouble. Mother says something to go.. Everywhere thinks of Buddhism. Oh, how many temples went ... "

The massacre is in a house where a Sri Lankan family living in the area of the town of Canada.

At the time of the incident, there were a 35-year-old mother, four children, and two other Sri Lankans with their residents.

...



# Gold hits fresh record, heads for best week in 5 months

*2024-03-08 18:45:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97826/gold-hits-fresh-record-heads-for-best-week-in-5-months)

Gold prices hit record highs for a fourth consecutive session on Friday on growing speculations over June interest rate cuts ahead of key U.S. jobs data due later in the day.

Spot gold rose 0.4% to $2,168.28 per ounce as of 1057 GMT, while U.S. gold futures added 0.5% to $2,175.50.

Gold reached a new all-time high of $2,170.99 earlier in the session and has gained more than 4.1% so far this week, setting it on track to post its biggest weekly percentage increase since mid-October.

...



# Lane

*2024-03-08 18:37:35*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/வெள்ளவத்தையில்-பெரிய-துளை/175-334390)

Galle Street Wellawatte WA. A part of the road to Galle is closed at the junction near Silva Mawatha.

The police said that a large hole with a diameter of about 4 feet has occurred.

As a result, buses and other heavy vehicles traveling from Galle to Colombo were allowed to travel to Colombo.



# Gold price recorded

*2024-03-08 18:31:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194301)

The highest price in history has been recorded so far and 99 cents reported.



# Cutty leopard in the nest: cage for the worker

*2024-03-08 18:26:32*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/மலையகம்/கூடுக்குள்-குட்டி-சிறுத்தை-தொழிலாளிக்கு-கூண்டு/76-334389)

A leopard cub has been rescued in the Katugala estate belonging to the Talawakelle police division.

Talawakelle police arrested a worker on Friday (08) on suspicion of causing the leopard's death.

The worker who was arrested on suspicion was produced at the Nuwara Eliya District Magistrate's Court.

Nuwara Eliya District Magistrate Prabhudika Lanka has ordered the suspect to be remanded until Tuesday 12th of this month.

It has been repeatedly said that there are leopards in the Talawakkalai and Tukkalai plantation sect.

In this case, the plantation worker set up a nest and kept outside the house.

...



# President underscores govt’s commitment to amplify women’s role in sustainable development

*2024-03-08 18:25:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97825/president-underscores-govts-commitment-to-amplify-womens-role-in-sustainable-development)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe, in his message for International Women’s Day, asserted that the government is actively engaged in amplifying the role of women in propelling sustainable development.

He emphasized that special focus is directed towards empowering women entrepreneurs in fast-growing sectors such as digital and green economies.

...



# Over Rs. 2.5 bn annual rent paid for vehicles rented by public institutions

*2024-03-08 18:25:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Over-Rs-2-5-bn-annual-rent-paid-for-vehicles-rented-by-public-institutions/108-278500)

Colombo, March 08 (Daily Mirror) - It was revealed in parliament that more than Rs. 2.5 billion is paid annually as rental for vehicles acquired by government agencies.

This was revealed by the Finance Ministry in reply to a question raised by SLPP MP Kokila Gunawardene on vehicles acquired by public institutions.

It was revealed that 4,427 vehicles have been acquired by the public institutions on rental basis and that Rs. 2,562 million is paid as annual rent for the said vehicles.

...



# 92-year-old Rupert Murdock engaged in the 6th time

*2024-03-08 18:15:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194300)

The 92-year-old Rupert Murdock, a well-known media manner, has been engaged in the sixth consecutive year.

According to foreign media reports, Eliyan origin, a 67-year-old retired molecular biologist, has been engaged in a 67-year-old retired.

Accordingly, their marriage is scheduled to be held at California next June.

Ruptons Murdoch was engaged with a radio announcer last year, but it was over a year.



# Colombo air is bad

*2024-03-08 18:14:27*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/மேல்-மாகாணம்/கொழும்பு-காற்று-மோசம்/95-334388)

Officials say that the air quality index in Colombo is 158 (PM2.5) and if the index worsens, it should be paid serious attention.

The Department of Meteorology has further stated that the situation in Akurana, Jaffna and Kandy, besides Colombo, is worse.



# The Presidential Education Scholarship Program will be a great help for students in the financial crisis: Aravindakumar

*2024-03-08 18:10:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/178280)

Minister of State for Education Aravindakumar said that the 'Presidential Education Scholarship' program proposed for 2024/2025 will be a great commitment to successfully complete the education of school students in the economic crisis.

The Minister of State also stated that 20 new Zonal Education Offices will be set up aimed at the future of the future.

Minister of State for Education Aravindakumar made this statement at a media briefing held at the Presidential Media Center on Friday.

...



# Sri Lanka’s Singer Finance rated ‘BBB(lka)’; with a stable outlook: Fitch

*2024-03-08 18:00:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lankas-singer-finance-rated-bbblka-with-a-stable-outlook-fitch-153819/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Fitch Ratings said it has affirmed Singer Finance (Lanka) Plc’s (SFL) National Long-Term Rating of ‘BBB(lka)’. The outlook is stable.

Fitch also affirmed SFL’s outstanding senior unsecured debt at ‘BBB(lka)’ and outstanding subordinated

“SFL’s rating is based on our expectation of support from its parent, consumer-durable retailer, Singer (Sri Lanka) PLC (Singer, A(lka)/Stable),” the rating agency said.

...



# Amidsta

*2024-03-08 17:54:47*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/வன்னி/கடும்-கெடுபிடிகளுக்கு-மத்தியில்-வெடுக்குநாறிமலையில்-வழிபாடு/72-334387)

The public was carrying out a temple darshan, walking 5 kilometers away from the Vavuniya Vettu Nirimalai.

The chief priest of the temple and the administrator of the temple were arrested by the Nedungeni police on Thursday (07).

Subsequently, the Special Task Force and Police have been deployed around the temple and the police road has been laid to the main road to the temple.. Only the residents of the area were allowed inside after the police investigation.

Meanwhile, the civilians who came from far away places for the Mahasivaratri worship were on the main road so that they could not go in.

...



# Amidgive

*2024-03-08 17:54:47*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/வன்னி/கெடுபிடிகளுக்கு-மத்தியில்-வெடுக்குநாறியில்-வழிபாடு/72-334387)

The public was carrying out a temple darshan, walking 5 kilometers away from the Vavuniya Vettu Nirimalai.

The chief priest of the temple and the administrator of the temple were arrested by the Nedungeni police on Thursday (07).

Subsequently, the Special Task Force and Police have been deployed around the temple and the police road has been laid to the main road to the temple.. Only the residents of the area were allowed inside after the police investigation.

Meanwhile, the civilians who came from far away places for the Mahasivaratri worship were on the main road so that they could not go in.

...



# Amiturism

*2024-03-08 17:54:47*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/வன்னி/கெடுபிடிகளுக்கு-மத்தியில்-வழிபாடு/72-334387)

The public was carrying out a temple darshan, walking 5 kilometers away from the Vavuniya Vidunarimalai.

The chief priest of the temple and the administrator of the temple were arrested by the Nedungeni police on Thursday (07).

Subsequently, the Special Task Force and Police have been deployed around the temple and the police road has been laid to the main road to the temple.. Only the residents of the area were allowed inside after the police investigation.

Meanwhile, the civilians who came from far away places for the Mahasivaratri worship were on the main road so that they could not go in.

...



# Company Manager, Agent and Trader

*2024-03-08 17:48:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/178269)

Three of the company manager, agencies and traders sold in Batticaloa have been fined.

The Batticaloa Magistrate's Court in response to the Eravur Tourism Court on Thursday (7) ordered the public health inspectors to seize and destroy the juice bottles that were sold in trade centers.

Kottamunai Public Health Inspector led by Dr. Sukunan, Director of Regional Health Services in Batticaloa. A team of public health inspectors such as S. Amirtab and J. Yasodharan carried out raids last December.

During this time, a trade center seized juice bottles and sent it to the Analysis Department in Colombo.

...



# Velu Kumar MP is the most important post in Parliament

*2024-03-08 17:43:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/178261)

The Parliament for the evolution of the upcountry plantation community was established in the ninth parliament by the efforts of the Tamil Progressive Alliance. At the same time, Kandy district parliamentarian Velu Kumar was unanimously elected as the President of the Union.

Vice Presidents Sujith Sanjaya Perera, Nayana Vasalake and Udayakumar were elected as Vice Presidents. Leaders of many parties and senior MPs were present at the event.

...



# Save foreign woman

*2024-03-08 17:23:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194299)

A foreign woman who was traveling to the sea at the Mirissa Beach in the Kotawila Police Division has been hacked to a break.

Police said the police officers attached to the police tourist area on duty at the time.

The officers of the 72167 Manjula, Police Constable 20373 Lahiru and Police Constables have rescued.



# 47 Thais temporarily ordained

*2024-03-08 17:21:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/caption-story/47-Thais-temporarily-ordained/110-278496)

A total of 47 laymen from Thailand were temporarily ordained at the Gangaramaya Temple in Colombo today (08). Pix by Nimalsiri Edirisinghe



# Sinkhole in Wellawatta causes traffic restrictions

*2024-03-08 17:18:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Sinkhole-in-Wellawatta-causes-traffic-restrictions/108-278499)

Colombo, March 08 (Daily Mirror) - The vehicular movement on Galle Road has been hampered due to a sinkhole in Wellawatta near Station Road.

Accordingly, police have restricted vehicular movement along the Galle Road to one lane.

Motorists commuting to Colombo are advised by the police to consider utilizing the Marine Drive route as an alternative.



# Both the Gender Equality and the Empowerment of Women will be presented in Parliament - the President

*2024-03-08 17:04:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/178273)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe said both the Gender Equality and the Empowerment of Women would be tabled in Parliament in May.

President Ranil Wickremesinghe said this while addressing the National Women's Day National Event on Friday (08).

Meanwhile, the President further stated that the law of empowerment for women was published in the Gazette yesterday and the Gender Equality Act will be published in the Gazette next week.



# Consumer Affairs Authority Board including Chairman resigns

*2024-03-08 17:02:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Consumer-Affairs-Authority-Board-including-Chairman-resigns/108-278498)

Colombo, March 08 (Daily Mirror) - The entire Board of Directors of the Consumer Affairs Authority (CAA), including its Chairman, has tendered their resignations.

According to Trade Minister Nalin Fernando, the 15-member Board, led by Chairman Attorney-at-Law Shantha Niriella has stepped down in response to a directive issued by the ministry.

The resignations come following a notification from the ministry, compelling the Board to vacate their positions. The specific reasons behind the directive remain undisclosed.

...



# Vehicular movement on Galle Road disrupted in Wellawatta

*2024-03-08 17:01:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97824/vehicular-movement-on-galle-road-disrupted-in-wellawatta)

A small sinkhole near the Station Road in Wellawatta has disrupted vehicular movement on Galle Road.

The police have advised the motorists travelling to Colombo to use the Marine Drive for the time being.



# Severe protection in Vedukkunni!The public who walked 5 kilometers and worshiped Lord Shiva!

*2024-03-08 16:57:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/178271)

The public was carrying out a temple darshan, walking 5 kilometers away from the Vavuniya Vedukkunnarimalai.

The chief priest of the temple and the manager of the temple were arrested by the Nedungeni police on Thursday night (07) night.

They have been arrested on the basis of allegations of infringement in the state forest area and are being tried to the Vavuniya Magistrate today.

Subsequently, the Special Task Force and Police have been put up around the temple today and the police road has been laid on the main road to the temple.

...



# Gender budgeting, two new bills to empower women: Sri Lanka president

*2024-03-08 16:57:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/gender-budgeting-two-new-bills-to-empower-women-sri-lanka-president-153849/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Two bills, aimed at advancing gender equality and empowering women, will be presented to Parliament in May, Sri Lanka’s President Ranil Wickremesinghe has said.

“It is imperative that women’s rights go beyond mere rhetoric; therefore, it is crucial to enact appropriate legislation, a task that has been neglected for far too long,” Wickremesinghe said at an International Women’s Day event at the Water’s Edge, Battaramulla on Friday.

...



# To the level that should be focused on warmth

*2024-03-08 16:49:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194298)

The Meteorological Department says that the temperature of several areas on the island will continue to pay attention tomorrow (09).

Accordingly, in the North Western, Southern and North and North Central and North Central and provinces, the heat of the human body will be focused on a lowest level of warmth.

The Department has informed the health advice including adequate water, the rest of the shadow, and the stress of the outdoors.



# Advisory issued for rising temperatures in 5 districts

*2024-03-08 16:36:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97823/advisory-issued-for-rising-temperatures-in-5-districts)

The Meteorology Department has issued a heat Index Advisory for Saturday (March 09) for five districts in the country.

Accordingly, the heat index, the temperature felt on the human body, is expected to reach ‘Caution Level’ in parts of Ratnapura, Anuradhapura, Mannar, Vavuniya and Mullaitivu districts tomorrow.

As per the advisory, under this level of temperature, fatigue is possible with prolonged exposure and activity, while continuing activity could result in heat cramps.

...



# Sri Lanka to teach Japanese, Chinese, Korean in schools, but teachers in short supply

*2024-03-08 16:30:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-to-teach-japanese-chinese-korean-in-schools-but-teachers-in-short-supply-153810/)

ECONOMYNEXT- Sri Lanka wants to introduce more foreign languages to the school curriculum to make it easier for school leavers to get jobs, but there is a shortage of teachers, State Minister for Education, Aravindh Kumar, said.

Sri Lankans are already seeking jobs in Japan and Korea where local language skills are a requirement.

“We are planning on introducing foreign languages such as Japanese, Chinese and Korean in order to create jobs for local people,” Kumar said to reporters Friday.

...



# Part of Galle Road closed

*2024-03-08 16:27:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194296)

It is reported that the Galle Road, Wellawatte and Railway Station Road have been reported from the area.

As a result, the road from Wellawatte is limited to one lane.

It is reported that the buses will travel to Colombo using the coastal road and Colombo to Galle.



# CAA Director Board resigns

*2024-03-08 16:26:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97822/caa-director-board-resigns)

The Board of Directors including the Chairman of the Consumer Affairs Authority (CAA) have resigned.

Trade Minister Nalin Fernando mentioned that the 15-member Board of Directors including Shantha Niriella have resigned in this manner.

Reportedly, they have taken this step in compliance with a notification made by the minister.

When inquired by Ada Derana, Minister Fernando said that accordingly the new board of directors would be appointed on Monday.



# Police dissolved the ice cream merchantThe public is confused!

*2024-03-08 16:14:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/178257)

The trader of the ice cream business in Vettukkanarimalai caused confusion in the temple premises due to the dissolution of the police.

Various inconveniences were created by the police for the public who went to worship the Shivaratri worship at Vettu Nirimalai today.

The public, who walked 5 kilometers, faced discomfort without water.

Meanwhile, a dealer involved in the ice cream business in the temple premises removed the temple premises demanding that the police not be selling.. This caused confusion between the public and the police.



# Abduction of 200 students in Nigeria

*2024-03-08 16:09:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/178262)

More than two hundred students have been abducted by an armed group in Nigeria, a teacher and local people said.

The incident took place on Thursday in the state of Kaduna in the northwestern region of Nigeria.

Local government officials of Kaduna State have confirmed the incident. However, they said they were investigating how many were abducted.

Local resident Muhammad Adam said the number of kidnappers is more than 280.



# 17 sailors dial at once

*2024-03-08 16:04:19*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/නාවිකයෝ-17ක්-එකවර-කිමිදෙති/11-408498)

The Navy Vice Admiral Priyantha Perera recently presented the sailors of the Sri Lanka Navy to successfully completion and dispersal the dive courses.



# 23-year-old woman arrested with drugs in Valaichchenai

*2024-03-08 15:59:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97821/23-year-old-woman-arrested-with-drugs-in-valaichchenai)

A 23-year-old woman has been arrested while in possession of narcotics including crystal methamphetamine (‘Ice’).

The arrest was made in Semmannodai village in Valaichchenai, based on a tip-off received by the Valaichchenai STF camp.

Accordingly, the STF officers managed to impound 53 grams of ‘Ice’, 24 grams of Kerala cannabis, 2,950 narcotic pills and Rs. 86,000 in cash upon searching a house in the village.

The female suspect has been handed over to the Valaichchenai Police for further investigations.



# Signed the no confidence against the speaker

*2024-03-08 15:55:25*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/කථානායකට-එරෙහි-විශ්වාස-භංගයට-අත්සන්-කළා/11-408497)

The story of the no-confidence motion against the Speaker. Parliamentarian Iran Wickramaratne strongly denies.

He said that he was in the forefront of questioning Parliament on behalf of the Hon.

He was signed the no-confidence motion at the Speaker's Office, Ja. J. The speech is the 47th Member of Rice and the story of the general public.. He accused the misunderstanding of misconceptions that there was a division.

Iran Wickramaratne further explained that the questions asked by the Speaker of Parliament to act impartially in Parliament.



# Three months of plastic water bottles of the three months have left three tons of water

*2024-03-08 15:51:03*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/මාස-තුනට-ශ්‍රී-පාදයේ-ප්ලාස්ටික්-වතුර-බෝතල්-ටොන්-තුනක්-දාලා-ගිහින්/11-408496)

2023-2024 The Maskeliya Pradeshiya Sabha Secretary Sarajavaren said that the pilgrims have been excluded from the Nallathaniya to Sri Dallawaway to the Sri Padawala court in three months.

The Secretary stated that some pilgrims have been excluded to dispose of plastic water bottles carrying pilgrims.

The Secretary claims that the pilgrims have been instructed to eaten the pilgrims and disposal the garbage prepared and disposal of calves.

The Secretary said that the plastic water bottles excluded by Sri Pind pilgrims would be taken to the recycling center of Nallathanna.

...



# Man dies after packet of heroin gets stuck in his throat

*2024-03-08 15:51:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Man-dies-after-packet-of-heroin-gets-stuck-in-his-throat/108-278497)

A man who fled with a packet of heroin to escape the police, has died after the packet got stuck in his throat.

The post mortem report has revealed that the suspect involved in drug trafficking had died of suffocation.

The post mortem was performed by the JMO of the Chilaw General Hospital Dr. Ilangaratne Banda.

The deceased, Mirissa Pathirage Prabhath Abeyweera was a resident of Ratnauyana in Chilaw.

The suspect who had previous convictions for drug offences had fallen down and died when the police gave chase to arrest him.

...



# Sri Lanka needs to work on its morals before fixing economy: NPP

*2024-03-08 15:47:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-needs-to-work-on-its-morals-before-fixing-economy-npp-153809/)

ECONOMYNEXT — Sri Lanka needs to work on its morality before it solves its economic issues, opposition National People’s Power (NPP) legislator Harini Amarasuriya said.

“We have a government that is utterly unconcerned with what the people want. They’re behaving now as if the people are their enemy,” the MP said speaking at an event.

“They’re confronted with a public that does not accept them or listen to them. They’re acting with a feeling that the people need to be suppressed,” she said.

The NPP is a leftist formation led and effectively controlled by the formerly revolutionary Marxist-Leninist Janatha Vimukthi Peramuna (JVP).

...



# Aside Gasa like a coffin

*2024-03-08 15:42:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194295)

Nearly 31,000 Palestinians have died in due attack on the Gaza core.

Others, internationally, is an influence of a ceasefire at Gaza until the risk of famine.

International critics say that a humanitarian crisis has been caused by the wars of the war for 5 months.

However, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, attended a ceremony at a Military Training School yesterday (07), said that military operations continue in Gaza.

Although the international pressure is rising, Israel must be able to stand up with the efforts to stop the war.

The Palestinians of Khan Yunis in the North and Central Gaza are now staying in RAFA in RAFA.

...



# Board of Directors of Consumer Affairs

*2024-03-08 15:31:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194294)

The Chairman and the Board of Directors has resigned from the Chairman of the Consumer Affairs Authority.

Minister of Trade Minister Nalin Fernando said that the board of directors of Shantha Nirella and 15 were resigned.

According to the Minister, they have taken this step.

The new Board of Directors is to be appointed on Monday, "Trade Minister Nalin Fernando said.



# North Korea, target the capital of the South

*2024-03-08 15:12:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194293)

Kim Jong has joined the shooting rehearsal of his artillery, reflecting that North Korea is ready for war.

The North Korean Kingdom News Service stated that the fleet of the South Korean border has experimented with the hostile capital.

It is reported that there is power to attack South Korea, who lives in a crowd.

The North Korean Kingdom News Service said that it was able to meet an important military rehearsal and to manipulate his war energy.

However, North Korea has launched these attacks on South Korea, not to South Korea.

The rehearsal was at the South Korean Staff Office yesterday (07).

...



# US to set up temporary port on Gaza coast for aid delivery

*2024-03-08 14:47:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97820/us-to-set-up-temporary-port-on-gaza-coast-for-aid-delivery)

The US military will construct a port in Gaza to get more humanitarian aid into the territory by sea, President Joe Biden has announced.

The temporary port will increase the amount of humanitarian assistance to Palestinians by “hundreds of additional truckloads” per day, officials say.

However, Mr Biden said the initiative will not include US troops on the ground in Gaza.

The UN warns that a quarter of the population is on the brink of famine.

The president made the official announcement during his State of the Union address on Thursday.

...



# Government to introduce two bills on gender equality, women’s empowerment

*2024-03-08 14:44:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Government-to-introduce-two-bills-on-gender-equality-womens-empowerment/108-278495)

Colombo, March 08 (Daily Mirror)- Two new legislations which ensure women’s rights and economic empowerment were announced by the government today as the country marked the International Women’s Day with the rest of the world.

Addressing the International Women’s Day celebration today, President Ranil Wickremesinghe announced that two bills focusing on Gender Equality and Women's Empowerment will be introduced to Parliament in May.

The Women's Empowerment Act was officially gazetted yesterday and the Gender Equality Act is set to be gazetted next week.



# A 107 -year -old man dies in Jaffna

*2024-03-08 14:44:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/178254)

A 107 -year -old man died yesterday (07) in Chavakachcheri in Jaffna.

He was born in 1917. He recently celebrated his 107 -year -old birthday. He has 10 children, 75 grandchildren, 25 lockups and 5 grandchildren.

He has died for the past 1 month.It is noteworthy that he worked during the British period in Sri Lanka.



# UNP Women’s day celebration...

*2024-03-08 14:36:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/caption-story/UNP-Womens-day-celebration/110-278494)

A ceremony organized by the UNP women’s wing 'Lak Wanitha Peramuna' to mark International Women’s Day was held at a hotel in Kotte. Chief of Presidential Staff Sagala Ratnayake, UNP General Secretary Palitha Range Bandara and Lak Vanitha Peramuna President Shanthini Kongahage were aslo present. Pix by Pradeep Pathirana



# A 23 year old woman arrested with drug

*2024-03-08 14:31:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194292)

Special Task Force has made a drug raid in the Valachchenahnonda village, along with investigations into the Eastern Province.

A 23-year-old woman was arrested with ice drugs.

Police Inspector of the Special Task Force of the Police Special Task Force. G. L. Kumara's raid was raided by information.

Accordingly, inspecting a house in the village, 53 grams of ice, 240 grams of ice, 24 milligrams of Kerala cannabis and Rs. 86,000.

The Valachchenai has been handed over to the Valachchenai Police for the later suspect and drug advancement.



# Still the victimization and violence

*2024-03-08 14:24:03*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/කාන්තා-හිංසනය-හා-ප්‍රචණ්ඩත්වය-පිටුදකිමු/11-408495)

Awareness program organized by the Wiodone (Win Win) organized by the International Women's Day and women with women and girls in Sri Lanka was held on March 8.

'Masterpiece of abuse' is a sculpture of violence and violent women, using pressing the violent events and abuses of womenThe sculpture is created.

It was advisable to represent the "art of dropping than the congratulations of the media in the women's day alone.

These problems, as well as women who faced women around the country, were brought to the public about difficult challenges in everyday life.



# Prices to disabled the price control of milk powder companies

*2024-03-08 14:12:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194291)

The Pricing Form prepared to determine the price of imported milk

Deputy Secretary, A. K. Mr. Seneviratne commented on the Government Finance of the Government.

"The tax reduced by the tax has not reduced. We have done this from the idea of obtaining it and to make some income as the government. "

"If you get January 2023, the CIF value of Rs. 1550 has come. In the past February was reduced to Rs. "

An officer of the Ministry of Trade, Commerce and Food Protection - "will not be a price to milk powder."

...



# Sri Lanka president invites party leaders to IMF review meeting

*2024-03-08 14:09:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-president-invites-party-leaders-to-imf-review-meeting-153804/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka’s President Ranil Wickremesinghe has convened a meeting with leaders of ‘accepted’ political parties to discuss the proposals put forth by the International Monetary Fund (IMF) delegation.

Leader of the Opposition Sajith Premadasa, leader of the National People’s Power (NPP) Anura Kumara Dissanayake, and Tamil National Alliance (TNA) leader S Sridharan have been invited to participate in these deliberations, the president’s media division said in a statement.

...



# Collection of 3 ton plastic bottles during the Sivanolipada Mountain Season

*2024-03-08 14:05:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/178236)

The Maskeliya Pradeshiya Sabha said that three tonnes of plastic bottles have been collected in three months since the beginning of 2023 to 2024.

Pilgrims who go to the pilgrimage have been placed in garbage bins to discharge plastic water bottles. However, some pilgrims throw plastic water bottles into the environment without putting it in trash.

Although the Pradeshiya Sabha is advised to dispose of food items in the garbage bins, it is not followed by pilgrims.

The collected plastic bottles will be taken to the center of garbage collection and then sold to the private sector.

...



# Lila Gunaratne who made a change in police

*2024-03-08 13:40:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194290)

Today, today, the International Women's Day was reported to Derana today.

Lila Gunaratne was a part of the Sri Lanka Women's Police Station Lila group.

The Sri Lankan Police, who started from the men in 1866, feel the need for women's officials after eight decades.

Accordingly, four officials recruited four officers to try the women's police officers in 1953.

With its success, a police constable who participated in the recruitment of the female police constables, a police constable who joined the service was spent on the village of Vanagastota village.

Born in 1935, Lyla Gunaratne is a daughter of five brothers and sisters.

...



# Wheel that fell from a plane flew with 249 people: In the United States

*2024-03-08 13:37:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/178249)

The incident took place in the United States yesterday when an international plane's wheel fell.

The wheel was off from the United Airlines flight from the San Francisco International Airport to Japan.

After a Boeing 777, the wheel fell off the ground, and the wheel fell into the airport's vehicle.

United Airlines said that there were 249 people in the city of Osaka, Japan.

United Airlines said that there are 6 wheels in each wheel block of the Boeing 777 aircraft, and if any wheel is damaged or lost, the aircraft is designed to land safely.



# May the light of the Sri Lankan people light light on the lives of the people of Sri Lanka - President

*2024-03-08 13:33:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/178242)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe said in his congratulations that the light of the Hindu people on Maha Shivaratri Day will be light in the lives of the entire Sri Lankan people.

The prayer of Lord Shiva remembered by Hindu devotees around the world to release all lives from suffering.

Hindu devotees around the world are praying to spread the wisdom to help eliminate the Mamat and the arrogance of human beings.

In the last two years, the government has been very committed to rescue the people affected by the unprecedented economic crisis.

...



# The suspect died when hospitalized

*2024-03-08 13:32:26*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/අත්අඩංගුවට-ගත්-සැකකරු-රෝහල්-ගත-කරන-විට-මියගිහින්/11-408494)

Chilaw divisional poisoning unit of Chilastic poisoning unit in the Madampe Police Division has passed a drug raid on the 6th and had fled to the arrest of two suspects.. One suspect has fallen on the ground while the officials have fallen to the ground and later arrested the suspects.

The suspects were admitted to the Chilaw Hospital due to unconsciously survived the suspect.. The suspect has been told that he had died by checked doctors. The delade was a 37 year old resident of Chilaw.

...



# President pays two bills for Women's Day

*2024-03-08 13:18:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194289)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe says that two new bills will be brought to parliament in May for the betterment of women in Sri Lanka.

The President was speaking at the Women's Day's Day Day Celebrations today (08).

"The Bill of Empowerment Act and Gender and Equality Bill of Gender and Equality. Two important drafts. "

This year its international theme is to "invest in women - speed up the progress".

President Ranil Wickremesinghe was chaired by President Ranil Wickremesinghe in the country, organized for the International Women's Day.



# Opportunities for opposition leaders to discuss with the high -level committee of the International Monetary Fund

*2024-03-08 13:18:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/178237)

The Presidential Media Unit said that steps have been taken to provide an opportunity to discuss the proposals of the International Monetary Fund with its high -level committee.

Accordingly, President Ranil Wickremesinghe has called for a meeting at the Presidential Office on Monday to give this opportunity to the leaders of the opposition parties approved in Parliament.



# Sri Lanka opposition MP claims president was responsible for predecessor’s exit

*2024-03-08 13:10:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-opposition-mp-claims-president-was-responsible-for-predecessors-exit-153794/)

ECONOMYNEXT — President Ranil Wickremesinghe was responsible for his predecessor Gotabaya Rajapaksa’s exit since he could’ve contained the Aragalaya protests and resolved the crisis while remaining Prime Minister if he wanted to, opposition MP Ashok Abeysinghe said.

Responding to questions raised by a YouTube channel on Thursday March 07, Abeysinghe said Rajapaksa’s recent “tell-all” book about an alleged conspiracy to oust him should’ve made references to what the main opposition Samagi Jana Balawegaya (SJB) claimed was Wickermesinghe’s decisive role in the former president’s unceremonious departure.

...



# Murugan asks for the opportunity to go to England

*2024-03-08 13:02:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194288)

Rami Gandhi was guilty of the assassination of former Indian Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi and was released from imprisonment to 2022. Sri Haran alias Murugan, Madharasha High Court has filed a petition in the Meadium High Court demanding the opportunity to obtain aviation documents he needs to go to England.

He has asked for permission to go to the Sri Lanka Consulate in Chennai and allows the interview to make visa to create their flights and to go to England.

It is reported that his purpose is to go to England and applying for refuge.

...



# The Steps To Achieve Justice In Sri Lanka

*2024-03-08 12:50:54*

[colombotelegraphcom](https://www.colombotelegraph.com/index.php/the-steps-to-achieve-justice-in-sri-lanka/)

...



# 'How I write': Saman Wickremarachchi

*2024-03-08 12:45:40*

[bbccomsinhala](https://www.bbc.com/sinhala/articles/c97w5vv58y7o)

Saman Wickramarachchi is a literary that feeds in a number of Sinhala literature.

The novels of 'Astandipalat' and 'Agrate' and 'Father' were assessed.

As a literary critic, a translator and a short-story, is by means of trying to advance Sinhala literature from its limits.

I talk to him with the objective of understanding his feelings and writing when he joined him as a novelist.

The questions I hear in this discussion is currently published by I have published 'Nimna's History' (2019) and writes from this linkker '(2014) and the experiences I have faced.

...



# Electoral Prospects In India & Tamil Nadu Have Better Predictability Now

*2024-03-08 12:38:15*

[colombotelegraphcom](https://www.colombotelegraph.com/index.php/electoral-prospects-in-india-tamil-nadu-have-better-predictability-now/)

BJP and Modi commenced their electoral journey earlier this time than in 2014 and 2019. Yet to be on terra firma the opposing formation has still not pulled its act together. To forecast with fair accuracy, diligent study is of the essence. Both political and electoral dynamics together with statistical data need to be keenly recognized. In the forthcoming elections, growing disarray of the opposition formations have inevitably placed difficulties in the facile movement of the BJP. An examination of Lok Sabha elections from 1991 would show how party alliances have become an important part of seat trading.

...



# Femina Women’s Expo 2024 at BMICH

*2024-03-08 12:18:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/caption-story/Femina-Womens-Expo-2024-at-BMICH/110-278493)

Femina Women’s Expo 2024, Sri Lanka’s largest women’s exhibition was launched today at the BMICH Colombo. It will be held till Sunday (10). This unique event is dedicated to honouring and celebrating Sri Lanka’s women and coincides with International Women’s Day 2024, which is marked worldwide on March 8. The Chief of Police in charge of the Child and Women Abuse Prevention Division, DIG Renuka Jayasundara participated in the event. Pix by Kithsiri de Mel



# Initly assaulted by the owners of the Palavi temple

*2024-03-08 12:14:09*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/පාලවියෙ-විහාරස්ථානයක-හිමිවරු-දෙනමකට-අමානුෂිකව-පහරදීලා/11-408493)

The LTTE has been admitted to the Puttalam Base Hospital with serious injuries and bones in the face of the work of the Puttalam Palace and another monk.

The victims were beaten by the owners of Walakana boundaries and the owners of Walapana

The Palvana Buddhist Cultural Center has commenced a year ago and there are the Higher who will be raised from the start of itself.

The Athroka assaulted assaulces have been reported on a continuous dispute between a group of people.

The owners of the ownership went back to the Viharaya and came back to the temple due to the dispute due to the dispute and returned to the temple.

...



# Search operation launched after local fishing vessel reported missing

*2024-03-08 12:07:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97817/search-operation-launched-after-local-fishing-vessel-reported-missing)

Kalpitiya Police has received a complaint about a trawler that had set sail from Kalpitiya for fishing activities on Wednesday (March 06) and remains missing ever since.

This complaint has been made by the owner of the fishing vessel, saying that they have not return to the island.

As per reports there have been three Sri Lankan fishermen aboard the vessel in question. They were identified as residents of the Ichchankaduwa area, aged 21, 37 and 38 years.

Police said that a search operation was initiated after informing the Sri Lanka Navy base in Kalpitiya.



# Fuel prices further reduce

*2024-03-08 11:59:28*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/ඉන්ධන-මිල-තවදුරටත්-අඩු-කරනවා/11-408492)

The Minister of Power and Energy Kanchana Wijesekara said that the CEB has been referred to the legal clearance of the CEB.

The Minister said that the partners summoned the stakeholders about the price formula and promptly to reduce the fuel prices.

Minister of Power and Energy Kanchana Wijesekara was speaking at a press conference held at the Presidential Media Center yesterday (07).

...



# Expatriate workers send USD 476.4 million in February

*2024-03-08 11:58:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Expatriate-workers-send-USD-476-4-million-in-February/108-278491)

Colombo, March 8 (Daily Mirror) - In February, expatriate workers sent a total of USD 476.4 million to the country, marking a 14 percent increase compared to the same month last year, the Labour and Foreign Employment Ministry said.

They said during the past period, an amount of 9691.4 million US dollars has been sent to this country.

The Labour and Foreign Employment Ministry says that there has been a good response to the requests to expatriate workers to send money to the country through legal systems.



# President and Prime Minister’s messages for ‘Maha Shivaratri’

*2024-03-08 11:49:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97816/president-and-prime-ministers-messages-for-maha-shivaratri)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe, in his message for ‘Maha Shivaratri’ celebrated today (March 08), says it is imperative for everyone to collectively help advance the future of Sri Lanka, without ego and arrogance.

Recalling the government’s commitment over the past two years to redeeming the country’s people affected by the unprecedented economic crisis, the Head of State said this effort is now on the verge of success, fulfilling hopes of prosperity.

...



# Sri Lanka’s Softlogic seeks Rs10bn in equity

*2024-03-08 11:46:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lankas-softlogic-seeks-rs10bn-in-equity-153785/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka’s Softlogic Holdings Plc is planning to raise 10 billion rupees in equity including through a rights issue to shareholders, a stock exchange filing said.

Directors of Softlogic have decided to issue 298,135,802 ordinary shares of the company to raise 2,981,358,020 rupees, and 178,881,481 warrants in the ratio of 3 warrants for every 5 rights shares, to raise 1,878,255,550 rupees.

The balance 5,140,386,429 rupees is to be raised in “in a manner to be decided by the Board of Directors of the Company upon completion of aforesaid”.

...



# Officially joined in NATO Sweden

*2024-03-08 11:41:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/178238)

Sweden officially joined the NATO system last night. Sweden is the 32nd member of NATO.

Sweden, who was a long -term non -alignment country, applied to join NATO after Russia's invasion of Ukraine.

Later, the two countries expressed their consent, and Sweden joined NATO.

Sweden's Prime Minister Ulve Christterson, who welcomed Sweden's merger in Nate NH, said it was a victory for independence.



# President convenes party leaders’ meeting to discuss IMF proposals

*2024-03-08 11:29:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/President-convenes-party-leaders-meeting-to-discuss-IMF-proposals/108-278489)

Colombo, March 8 (Daily Mirror)- President Ranil Wickremesinghe has convened a party leaders meeting on Monday to discuss the International Monetary Fund's proposals with its high level delegation, the President's Media Division (PMD) said.

The meeting has offered a chance to accepted opposition party leaders in Parliament to discuss the International Monetary Fund's proposals with its high level delegation, the PMD added.

...



# The assassination of six Sri Lankans killed in Canada - what the suspect said in court

*2024-03-08 11:26:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194287)

The Sri Lankan youth, including five members, including five members of the largest family of five members of the land of Canada, has been produced in court.

The suspect had little spoken very little and only before the back of the court, his name and birthplace were mentioned.

Foreign media reports that the suspect has been accused of six murders and trying to kill murder.

However, the cause of the Wickremesinghe family is yet to be reported yet.

The court ordered the suspect not to speak to them.

One of them is Dhanushka Wickremasinghe who was hospitalized and hospitalized.

...



# The US will construct a temporary port in Gaza: Bidan

*2024-03-08 11:10:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/178234)

President Joe Biden has announced that the US will construct a port along the Gaza coast for distributing humanitarian aid products.

President Baidan also said that Israel should allow Gaza to allow more and more expenses.



# An IMF conversation for the opposition

*2024-03-08 11:08:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194286)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe has taken steps to hold a discussion with the International Monetary Fund's proposals.

President Ranil Wickremesinghe has summoned a meeting at the Presidential Secretariat on Monday (11) at the Presidential Secretariat.



# Women's Day programme at Nalanda College

*2024-03-08 11:06:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/caption-story/Women-s-Day-programme-at-Nalanda-College/110-278485)

A ceremony was held today at Nalanda College in view of International Women's Day by the Community Police Unit in Colombo. Inspector General of Police (IGP) Deshabandu Tennakoon participated at the event. Pix by Waruna Wanniarachchi



# Ramya Wenigasekara

*2024-03-08 11:05:49*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/රම්‍යා-වනිගසේකර-සමුගනියි/11-408491)

Ramya Wanigasekara, a veteran radio announcer and Rangana, has been deternated this morning.

The age of 88 years of the age of 88, 1936, in general area, Kegalle, Kegalle.

In 1974, Vedaka was connected to theater and joined the radio in 1980. From 1981 since 1981, she served as a retreating horticide announcement. After taking the source of events, she served on a contract basis for its contract basis.

As well as her abilities were rantized in the performance. So she was close to the audience along with teledrama and movies.

Later, she had died this morning while she was receiving treatment at the National Hospital.



# President to convene meeting with opposition party leaders, IMF delegation on Monday

*2024-03-08 11:01:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97815/president-to-convene-meeting-with-opposition-party-leaders-imf-delegation-on-monday)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe has convened a meeting on Monday (March 11) with the leaders of opposition parties in parliament and the visiting high-level delegation of the International Monetary Fund (IMF).

During the meeting, scheduled to be held at the Presidential Secretariat, the opposition party leaders will be given the opportunity to discuss the IMF’s proposal with the high-level delegation.



# President to convene meeting with opposition’s party leaders, IMF delegates on Monday

*2024-03-08 11:01:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97815/president-to-convene-meeting-with-oppositions-party-leaders-imf-delegates-on-monday)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe has convened a meeting on Monday (March 11) with the leaders of accepted opposition parties in parliament and the visiting high-level delegation of the International Monetary Fund (IMF).

During the meeting, the opposition party leaders will be offered the chance to discuss the IMF’s proposals with the delegates.

In a proactive move, Leader of the Opposition Sajith Premadasa, leader of the National People’s Power (NPP) Anura Kumara Dissanayake, and Tamil National Alliance (TNA) leader S. Sridharan have been invited to participate in these deliberations.

...



# Rajiv Gandhi assassination convict Sriharan moves Indian court for Sri Lankan passport, UK visa

*2024-03-08 11:01:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97814/rajiv-gandhi-assassination-convict-sriharan-moves-indian-court-for-sri-lankan-passport-uk-visa)

V Sriharan alias Murugan, key convict in former prime minister Rajiv Gandhi assassination case who was freed in 2022, has moved India’s Madras high court for permission to attend visa interview for travel to the United Kingdom, and also to visit Sri Lanka consulate in Chennai to process his travel documents.

...



# 'My child who has lived with the Buddha. What must you feel? '

*2024-03-08 10:49:02*

[bbccomsinhala](https://www.bbc.com/sinhala/articles/cyezp7w07d4o)

The mother of the woman who died of losing his daughter and her children, his daughter and her children, told the BBC Sinhala.

'My child who has lived with the Buddha. What must you feel? '

Internationally, six members of a Sri Lankan family, including four children and four children in Ottawa, is also internationally involved.

The mother of the woman who died of her daughter and her children, Jayanthi Ekanayake commented on BBC Sinhala service.

...



# Struggle is abandoned as the statue of Buddha is removed in Chiripuram - Sukash

*2024-03-08 10:38:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/178230)

Tamil National People's Front media spokesman Kanagaratnam Sukash has announced that the protest is abandoned due to the removal of the Buddha statue in Chiripuram.

The Buddha statue was called for a protest on Friday, demanding the removal of the statue of Buddha.

In this case, the statue of the Buddha in Chiripuram is abandoned, he said.

Forty. We believe that those who cannot achieve anything by the struggles will join us anymore. We will fight for the end of the race, ”he added.



# Fishing vessel is back missing

*2024-03-08 10:30:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194284)

The owner of the vessel has complained to the Kalpitiya Police stating that a fishing vessel in the sea for fisheries in Kalpitiya.

Three fishermen of this vessel have traveled and residents of the Evtatoadaka area in the ages of 21, 37 and 38.

The Navy has educated the Navy in this regard and investigations have commenced investigations.



# Two persons including Buddhist Thera abducted Valamburi Sangam

*2024-03-08 10:28:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/178227)

Two persons, including Buddhist Thera, have been arrested with a Valambisang worth Rs.

The Special Task Force (STF) has been arrested on Thursday night in the Kalkuda area, Kalkuda police said.

The police said that steps have been taken to produce in court after the investigation.



# Ramya Wanigasekara: The massive voice personality and excellent performance go out

*2024-03-08 10:27:20*

[bbccomsinhala](https://www.bbc.com/sinhala/articles/c2xvgp4kvl4o)

Ramya Wanigasekara: The massive voice personality and excellent performance go out

Ramya Wanigasekara's voice was extinguished by the Sri Lankan radio prisons for a massive voice personality.

She passed away from the Colombo National Hospital.

It is a huge personality in a huge personality as a synagogue actor, a senior news announcer and background.

Wanigasekara was born on 17 July 17 July 1950 in the Kotiyakumbura area in Kegalle.

Her father was an estate superintendent of the Hettimulla and a woman born in Eheliyagoda area.

Ramya Wanigasekara began his primary education at the Hotel College, Kotiyakumbura Maha Vidyalaya.

...



# Police seek public assistance to nab suspect who burgled a foreigner’s house

*2024-03-08 10:16:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97813/police-seek-public-assistance-to-nab-suspect-who-burgled-a-foreigners-house-)

Sri Lanka Police have requested public assistance to apprehend a suspect who is wanted in connection with a robbery in Hikkaduwa.

The suspect is accused of breaking into a house in the Wavulagoda area of Hikkaduwa on January 21, where a foreign woman was residing and stealing around Rs. 760,000 in cash, 02 ATM cards and several other valuables.

Thus, the public has been requested to provide any available information about the suspect (pictured below) by contacting any of the following telephone numbers:



# Lorry and motorcycle collided face -to -face in Nanuoya;Two people at the hospital

*2024-03-08 10:15:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/178224)

Two persons were injured in a motorcycle collision with a lorry in front of the Nuwara Eliya Pradeshiya Sabha on Thursday afternoon at the Nanuoya Police Division, Nanuoya Rathalla Cross Road.

Police said the lorry driver had been arrested for treatment of two motorcyclists in the accident.

The injured were reported to be from Thalawakelle and Kotakkalai, aged 27 and 28.

Police said the motorcycle traveling from Nuwara Eliya to Talawakelle and a lorry from Nanuoya Ratalla to Nuwara Eliya collided.



# Three tons of plastic bottles collected in Sri Pada within three months

*2024-03-08 10:15:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Three-tons-of-plastic-bottles-collected-in-Sri-Pada-within-three-months/108-278472)

Maskeliya, March 8 (Daily Mirror) - Three tons of plastic bottles discarded by pilgrims visiting Sri Pada have been collected within three months since the beginning of the Sri Pada season this year,Maskeliya Pradeshiya Sabha announced.

Secretary of the maskeliya Pradeshiya Sabha S. Rajaweeran said garbage bins have been installed to dispose of plastic water bottles carried by pilgrims travelling along that route.

He said, however, some pilgrims just throw plastic water bottles into the environment without putting them into garbage bins.

...



# Maskeliya Pradeshiya Sabha collects three tons of plastic bottles during Sri Pada season

*2024-03-08 10:15:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Maskeliya-Pradeshiya-Sabha-collects-three-tons-of-plastic-bottles-during-Sri-Pada-season/108-278472)

Maskeliya, March 8 (Daily Mirror) - The Maskeliya Pradeshiya Sabha announced today that within three months of the 2023–2024 Sri Pada season commencing, they have successfully gathered three tons of plastic bottles discarded by pilgrims visiting Sri Pada.

Pradeshiya Sabha Secretary S. Rajaweeran said garbage bins have been installed to dispose of plastic water bottles carried by pilgrims travelling along that route.

Some pilgrims just throw plastic water bottles into the environment without putting them into garbage bins.

...



# Maskeliya council collects three tons of plastic bottles during Sri Pada season

*2024-03-08 10:15:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Maskeliya-council-collects-three-tons-of-plastic-bottles-during-Sri-Pada-season/108-278472)

Maskeliya, March 8 (Daily Mirror) - The Maskeliya District Council announced today that within three months of the 2023–2024 Sri Pada season commencing, they have successfully gathered three tons of plastic bottles discarded by pilgrims visiting Sri Pada.

District Council Secretary S. Rajaweeran said garbage bins have been installed to dispose of plastic water bottles carried by pilgrims travelling along that route.

Some pilgrims just throw plastic water bottles into the environment without putting them into garbage bins.

...



# Suspect arrested with a golden sword

*2024-03-08 10:08:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194283)

A golden sword has been arrested in a raid conducted by a tip off received by the STF.

The raid was carried out by the Kataragama Police Special Task Force yesterday evening yesterday (07).

The golden sword was transported by a cab.

The suspect arrested with the sword was a 62 year old Dickwella area.



# Action to appear in court, including the priest of the temple

*2024-03-08 09:40:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/178223)

An executive member of the Vavuniya Vedukkunni Temple, who was involved in the organizing of Shivaratri Pooja, was arrested by the Nedungeni police yesterday.

It is reported that steps have been taken to produce the two of them in the Vavuniya court today.



# Arrest of the Adi Shiva Temple

*2024-03-08 09:38:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/178221)

The All Ceylon Saiva Mahasabha has strongly condemned the arrest of the priest Sivathiru Mathimukha Raja, who went to the Maha Shivaratri Pooja of the Vedukkunni Mountain Adi Shiva Temple.

Shivaratri is the most classic first fasting of the Saivites around the world.

Accordingly, the worship of the Adi Shiva Temple, which is worshiped by the Tamil Saivan Temple in the Vavuniya district of Vavuniya in the Vavuniya Sivapu region, was the worst arrests of the worship of the Adi Shiva Temple and the worship of the devotees of the devotees.

...



# An elephant hospital for the first time in the island

*2024-03-08 09:36:58*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/picture_story/දිවයිනේ-ප්‍රථම-වතාවට-අලි-රෝහලක්/10-408490)

Members of the Tame Elephants Association have been opened to open a private hospital with the first time in the island and a private hospital with a private hospital with tame elephants.

The headship has been taken by the Maharagama S.. N. Tama Elephant Association says that according to the concept of Roshan

The Sitha was taken to this hospital in Habarana to shoot at Mahiyanganaya and recovered from the Habarana.

It is noteworthy that a Shraid of Raja to bring about their first natural collection process with the opening of the breeding center.

...



# Suspect dies after drug polythene of drugs

*2024-03-08 09:34:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194282)

The suspect, who had fled the floor, has been identified after hospitalization.

The post mortem was conducted at the Chilaw Hospital yesterday.

The post mortem report has been issued by the Chilaw Hospital Specialist Judicial Court (S) Extestant Extetent Court Officer of the Chilaw Hospital.



# Gaza ceasefire talks show no sign of progress, US says onus on Hamas

*2024-03-08 09:31:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97812/gaza-ceasefire-talks-show-no-sign-of-progress-us-says-onus-on-hamas)

Hamas on Thursday left Gaza ceasefire talks in Cairo where there was no sign of progress just days before the start of Ramadan, while the U.S. said the onus was on the Palestinian militant group to strike a deal on Israeli hostages.

Israel and Hamas blamed each other for the lack of agreement after four days of talks mediated by Qatar and Egypt about a 40-day ceasefire amid fears violence could escalate during the Muslim fasting month.

Egyptian security sources said talks, taking place without an Israeli delegation in Cairo, would resume on Sunday, the expected start of Ramadan.

...



# Vets dispute Pramitha Bandara’s stray dog population claim over data accuracy

*2024-03-08 09:26:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Vets-dispute-Pramitha-Bandaras-stray-dog-population-claim-over-data-accuracy/108-278461)

Colombo, March 8 (Daily Mirror) - The declaration by Defense State Minister Pramitha Bandara Tennakoon in Parliament yesterday regarding the population of stray dogs in the country is baseless and it is asserted that the State Minister issued this statement without possessing accurate data on the subject, advisor to the Association of Veterinarians for Humane Management of Animal Population,  Dr. Chamith Nanayakkara said.

The State Minister said that some 6.2 million stray dogs are roaming in different parts of the country and that this situation has caused serious issues in tourist areas such as Sigiriya.

...



# Ramya Vanigasekara passess away

*2024-03-08 09:25:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Ramya-Vanigasekara-passess-away/108-278464)

Veteran actress, journalist and radio news anchor Ms. Ramya Vanigasekara has passed away at the age of  73 years old.



# Sri Lankan family identified in Canada;Arrests

*2024-03-08 09:15:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/178220)

Six Sri Lankans have been identified from the same family who have been assassinated in the capital of Canada, Ottawa.

They were attacked by a sharp weapon in a house on Wednesday in the suburbs of Barhevan in south Ottawa.

The mother and her four children and a 40 -year -old man who lived in the house died in the incident.

The four children who died are under the age of seven. The mother of 35 -year -old Darsani Bandaranaike, 07 -year -old Inuga Wickremesinghe, 04 -year -old Aswini Wickremesinghe, 02 -year -old Rinyana Wickremesinghe and Keli Wickremesinghe, 02 months.

...



# Public assistance demands to arrest a suspect

*2024-03-08 09:10:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194281)

The police said that the suspect who entered a house where a national woman had lodged in a house was stolen.



# Sri Lanka to call tenders for 50MW Mannar wind power plant

*2024-03-08 09:04:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-to-call-tenders-for-50mw-mannar-wind-power-plant-153766/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka plans to call tenders for a 50 MegaWatt wind plant in the North Eastern Mannar area, next week Energy Minister Kanchana Wijesekera said as investor interest increased amid economic stability.

“A lot of investors are showing interest,” Minister Wijesekera told reporters Thursday. “Accordingly, we plan to call tenders for 10 wind and solar plants from local and foreign investors.”

“Next week we plan to advertise tenders for a 50MW wind plant in Mannar.”

Mannar is an area with a Ceylon Electricity Board wind plant with proven plant factor of around 45 percent which sharply reduces the costs per unit.

...



# Ramya Wanigasekara receives

*2024-03-08 09:01:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194280)

Ramya Wanigasekara has passed away.

She also served as a journalist and a radio news.



# Euro Exim Bank, Fairfirst interested in Sri Lanka Insurance

*2024-03-08 08:55:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/euro-exim-bank-fairfirst-interested-in-sri-lanka-insurance-153762/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Five local and international investors have responded to a request for proposals to divest Sri Lanka Insurance, the island’s State Enterprises Restructuring Unit said.

LIC (Lanka) Limited, Union Assurance PLC and Asiri Hospital Holdings PLC have responded to the sale of Sri Lanka Insurance Corporation Life Limited.

Euro Exim Bank Limited, Fairfirst Insurance Limited, have submitted proposals to Sri Lanka Insurance Corporation General Limited.

Sri Lanka Insurance was split ahead of the sale to keep to legal requirements which were not followed earlier.

...



# Veteran actress & journalist Ramya Wanigasekara passes away

*2024-03-08 08:53:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97811/veteran-actress-journalist-ramya-wanigasekara-passes-away)

Veteran actress, journalist and former radio news presenter Ramya Wanigasekara passed away on Friday morning (March 08), family sources told Ada Derana.

Wanigasekara made her debut stage drama appearance in 1976 with a minor role in the stage drama ‘Hasthiraja Mahaththaya’. She had her breakthrough role in the 1978 stage drama ‘Mana Ranjana Weda Warjana’.

She also acted in many other stage dramas, including ‘Kelani Palama’, ‘Ahasin Wetunu Minissu’, ‘Jailer Unnahe’, ‘Raja Kathawa’, ‘Muhudu Puththu’, and ‘Siri Sangabo’.

...



# Battle against corruption

*2024-03-08 08:48:00*

[islandlk](http://island.lk/battle-against-corruption/)

...



# A threat to the police witnesses?

*2024-03-08 08:26:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194279)

The Attorney General has stated in the Supreme Court that the police witnesses have been threatened by the Supreme Court.

It was reported that the Attorney General had made this notice when he was called by a former police Narcotics Bureau.

Senior State Counsel Shamitry Wickrema appeared for the Attorney General

He said that a group of officers had been deployed to the safety of the victims and the Witnesses to protect the victims.

The State Counsel has stated that a leading witness has been killed by the criminal inquiries of the Criminal Investigations Department.

...



# Six Sri Lankans knifed to death in Ottawa; 19-year old arrested

*2024-03-08 08:03:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/top-story/Six-Sri-Lankans-knifed-to-death-in-Ottawa-19-year-old-arrested/155-278463)

The Ottawa Police Service Homicide Unit  in Canada arrested a 19-years-old Sri Lankan student who was involved in last night’s homicide where six including five members of a Sri Lankan family were killed.

According to the immediate release issued by the Ottawa police, the Ottawa Police Service Homicide Unit has charged a man in relation to the homicides on Berrigan Drive that left six persons dead and one injured.

Febrio De-Zoysa, 19-years-old, has been charged with six counts of first-degree murder and one count of attempted murder.

He is a Sri Lankan national who is believed to be in Canada as a student.

...



# Shooting in Canada: 6 Sri Lankans belonging to the same family killed

*2024-03-08 08:01:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/178212)

Six people belonging to the same family who were identified as Sri Lankans were killed in a shooting at a house in Ottawa, the capital of Canada.

The mother and children have died and the father has been admitted to the hospital with serious injuries.

Ottawa police said that a suspect was arrested in connection with the crime.



# Sri Lanka sees uptick in HIV/AIDS cases in 2023

*2024-03-08 07:48:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Sri-Lanka-sees-uptick-in-HIVAIDS-cases-in-2023/108-278437)

Colombo, March 08 (Daily Mirror) -  Sri Lanka has experienced a significant surge in HIV/AIDS cases in 2023 recording close to 700 cases.

According to the National STD/AIDS Control Programme, Sri Lanka has logged 694 cases reflecting a 13 per cent increase compared to the year 2022, which saw 607 cases.

Out of the cases reported in 2023, 91 males and five females fall within the age range of 15-24, while the remaining cases are individuals above 25 years old.

The male-to-female ratio of reported HIV cases in 2023 stands at 7.5:1

...



# The Maha Sivi Night Day today

*2024-03-08 07:26:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194278)

Hindu devotees around the world have been honored with great devotion to the great Shiva Nighty.

This is the righteous feast of Hindu devotees who will sacrifice to Shiva.

The night sacrificing sacrifices to Shiva and sacrifice to Siva Handsion, Hindus devotees will engage in charity.



# President, Mahinda, Basil talks end with no decision on alliance

*2024-03-08 07:26:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/President-Mahinda-Basil-talks-end-with-no-decision-on-alliance/108-278460)

Colombo, March 8 (Daily Mirror) - The meeting among President Ranil Wickremesinghe, Sri Lanka Podujana Peramuna (SLPP) leaders Mahinda Rajapaksa and Basil Rajapaksa ended with no final decision on the formation of an alliance ahead of the pending national elections, Daily Mirror learns .

The three leaders met yesterday to discuss outstanding political matters ahead of the presidential elections slated to be conducted later this year .

...



# President's Award recipient arrested

*2024-03-08 06:53:47*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/வடமேல்-வடமத்தி/ஜனாதிபதி-விருது-பெற்றவர்-கைது/94-334377)

The Polonnaruwa Criminal Investigation Department said that five persons, including the president's award, were arrested with equipment and modern car used for digging archaeologies in a garden in Valegadai area in Polonnaruwa.

The arrested suspect is the resident of Kadawatha and the other suspects are resident of Bandarawela, Galewela, Kandala and Mirigama, and they are aged 30 to 50 years.. Said Bandara.

Bandara said that a 46 -year -old suspect, who was arrested with the scanning machine to see if there were materials underneath, hails from the Bandarawela area who received the President's award in 1999.

...



# Shavendra and Kamal villains in GR’s new book

*2024-03-08 06:50:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Shavendra-and-Kamal-villains-in-GRs-new-book/108-278459)

Former President Gotabaya Rajapaksa has acknowledged his shortcomings in appointing key defence personnel, including General Shavendra Silva and General (Retd.) Kamal Gunaratne in his tell-all memoir “The Conspiracy to Oust Me” launched yesterday (March 7).

Rajapaksa recounts the dramatic circumstances which led to his ousting in 2022, describing it as a first-hand experience of an internationally-sponsored regime change operation.

Rajapaksa who recalls several of his failures, most notably the organic farming initiative, also interestingly points out failures in the national security apparatus under his own administration.

...



# More information about the killing of six in Sri Lankan family in Canada

*2024-03-08 06:45:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194276)

In Canada's home, 6 more information about the killing of 6 persons with a Sri Lankan family.

Foreign reports said that the mother and her four children died in the incident as well as a 40-year-old man who lived in the house.

Fourteen children have been identified as seven years old.

The Chief of Ottawa Police said that the suspect was a Sri Lankan who was studying in Canada, 19-year-old Farbrean de Zoysa.

The incident was first known as a shooting but later stated that a weapon was killed.

The Mayor has said that this is the first time in Ottawa, about three decades.



# Valamburi abducted Piku arrested

*2024-03-08 06:42:15*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/மட்டக்களப்பு/வலம்புரி-கடத்திய-பிக்கு-கைது/73-334376)

Two persons, including a Buddhist Thera, have been arrested for sale from Matara for sale.

The Special Task Force (STF) has been arrested on Thursday night in the Kalkuda area and handed over to them, Calcutta police said.

On the advice of the Special Task Force Commander Senior Deputy Inspector General of Police Varuna Jayasundera, Ampara Batticaloa Police Director of the Batticaloa Police, Under the guidance of the Ampara Batticaloa Police.

In this case, the Special Task Force, who observed that two men, including Buddhist Thera had been abducted for sale, were arrested and arrested and rescued a Valamburi conch worth Rs 1 crore.

...



# Sri Lanka negotiating power purchase price with India’s Adani: Minister

*2024-03-08 06:30:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-negotiating-power-purchase-price-with-adani-minister-153735/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka is still negotiating the power purchase price with India’s Adani group, Energy Minister Kanchana Wijesekera said, amid concerns about the government procurement without tender.

Adani Group had proposed to sell a unit of wind power at 9.7 US cents per kiloWatt hour.

That is about 30 to 31 Sri Lanka rupees at our exchange rates,” Minister Wijesekera said. “During the evaluation it has been reduced further to below 30 rupees. That price also we have not yet agreed, the evaluation is still ongoing.”

The price will apply to plants in Mannar and Pooneryn which are coming as a single project.

...



# Sri Lanka negotiating power purchase price with India’s Adani: Minister

*2024-03-08 06:30:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-negotiating-power-purchase-price-with-indias-adani-minister-153735/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka is still negotiating the power purchase price with India’s Adani group, Energy Minister Kanchana Wijesekera said, amid concerns about the government procurement without tender.

Adani Group had proposed to sell a unit of wind power at 9.7 US cents per kiloWatt hour.

That is about 30 to 31 Sri Lanka rupees at our exchange rates,” Minister Wijesekera said. “During the evaluation it has been reduced further to below 30 rupees. That price also we have not yet agreed, the evaluation is still ongoing.”

The price will apply to plants in Mannar and Pooneryn which are coming as a single project.

...



# Evening thundershowers possible in some areas today

*2024-03-08 06:27:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97810/evening-thundershowers-possible-in-some-areas-today)

Showers or thundershowers may occur at a few places in Western and Sabaragamuwa provinces and Galle and Matara districts in the evening or at night today, the Meteorology Department says.

However, mainly dry weather will prevail in the other areas of the island.

Misty conditions can be expected at some places in Western and Sabaragamuwa provinces and Galle and Matara districts during the morning.

Mainly fair weather will prevail in sea areas around the island.

...



# I took Chanakyan to the lift: Rohita

*2024-03-08 06:16:02*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/சாணக்கியனை-லிப்டுக்கு-அழைத்துச்-சென்றேன்-ரோஹித/175-334375)

"I invited the Chanakyan MP to take the Prime Minister safely to the Lift (Mutt)," said Rohitha Abeygunawardena, former state MP and former minister.

Rohitha Abeygunawardena said this while urging the Deputy Speaker to investigate the immediate investigation through the Private and Disciplinary Committee on Chanakyan's allegation.

Chanakyan MP urged the MP to investigate through the Private Committee and the disciplinary committee, saying that I was trying to attack the Prime Minister.. I will appear before that inquiry. I have no problems.

...



# Showers in the evening today

*2024-03-08 06:11:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194274)

Showers or thundershowers will occur at several places in the evening or night in the evening or night.

The latest announcement issued by the Department of Western and Sabaragamuwa Province and in the Galle and Matara districts.

In some places in the Western and Sabaragamuwa Province, some locations are expected in the morning.



# Sri Lankan family murdered in Ottawa identified; teen suspect arrested

*2024-03-08 06:10:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97809/sri-lankan-family-murdered-in-ottawa-identified-teen-suspect-arrested)

Six people including a mother, her four young children and a family acquaintance were killed inside a townhouse in the south Ottawa suburb of Barrhaven late Wednesday night.

During a media briefing Thursday afternoon, Ottawa police Chief Eric Stubbs said there were initially two calls to 911 around 10:52 p.m. Wednesday.

He said first responders arrived within minutes to the home on Berrigan Drive near Palmadeo Drive, a residential area close to two schools.

Police have identified five of the victims as a family of newcomers to Canada from Sri Lanka. They are:

...



# Trying to prevent Shivaratri at Adi Lingeshwar Temple

*2024-03-08 06:07:36*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/ஆதி-லிங்கேஸ்வரர்-ஆலயத்தில்-சிவராத்திரியை-தடுக்க-முயற்சி/175-334374)



# Empowering the Economy: Celebrating women’s impact on International Women’s Day 2024 in Sri Lanka

*2024-03-08 06:07:18*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/columns/Empowering-the-Economy-Celebrating-women-s-impact-on-International-Women-s-Day-2024-in-Sri-Lanka/4-759291)

In Sri Lanka, companies that have embraced gender equality and diversity have reaped the rewards of a diverse workforce. For example, MAS Holdings, a leading apparel manufacturer in Sri Lanka, has prioritsed gender diversity and inclusion in its workforce, with women occupying key leadership positions across the organization

...



# #InspireInclusion – “Count Her In”

*2024-03-08 06:02:01*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/columns/InspireInclusion-Count-Her-In/4-759290)

The International Women's Day (IWD) is a global celebration of achievements of women in a multitude of spheres – economic, social, cultural, and political.  As we celebrate IWD 2024 with the theme #InspireInclusion – “Count Her In”, it may be worthwhile to reflect upon what ‘inclusion’ means.

...



# Power of women entrepreneurship in Sri Lanka

*2024-03-08 05:58:57*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/columns/Power-of-women-entrepreneurship-in-Sri-Lanka/4-759289)

The Power of Women as Entrepreneurs needs special recognition, and the government needs to facilitate them to find new export markets and financial assistance to expand their businesses.  We all know that the private sector especially, the SME sector is the engine of growth, and most of the businesses are severely affected due to ongoing economic conditions and new Tax systems discourage small businesses from competing with other players in the business.

...



# Freedom from political bondage

*2024-03-08 05:53:26*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/opinion/Freedom-from-political-bondage/14-759287)

We have given up hope of escaping from this bondage because we have tried many times and failed every time

With the disappearance of queues for essential items, and the steadfast repression of any descent, it appears as if most of us have settled down to the realities of economic hardships with resignation and despondency. This being a society that was dominated by colonisers for centuries and shaped by beliefs in fate and mystic powers for millennia that kind of thinking can be expected. But giving up any hope of overcoming this adversity and bracing things to get worse as if we are in an inescapable bondage of sort is inexcusable.

...



# NPP and bird cage economy

*2024-03-08 05:51:38*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/columns/NPP-and-bird-cage-economy/4-759286)

NPP’s bird cage economy would be realistically grounded on a rejuvenated real sector rather than on an IMF stabilised financial sector

...



# Economic concerns surrounding salary increases at Central Bank of Sri Lanka

*2024-03-08 05:46:51*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/columns/Economic-concerns-surrounding-salary-increases-at-Central-Bank-of-Sri-Lanka/4-759285)

Reports of substantial salary hikes at the Central Bank of Sri Lanka (CBSL) raise concerns regarding the economic implications of these decisions. Led by Governor Dr. Nandalal Weerasinghe, the CBSL has defended these raises as lawful under the Central Bank Act, citing the need for competitive salaries to retain skilled personnel. However, several economic arguments suggest that these salary increases may not be in the best interest of economic stability in the nation.

...



# Empowering women and nurturing communities: Bogawantalawa Teas supports its female cadre

*2024-03-08 05:45:00*

[islandlk](http://island.lk/empowering-women-and-nurturing-communities-bogawantalawa-teas-supports-its-female-cadre/)

Bogawantalawa Teas prioritizes social responsibility in its tea cultivation, manufacturing, and marketing. This commitment is embedded in its Sustainability Policy, focusing on employee, community, and societal well-being. The company implements initiatives aligned with the UN Women Empowerment Principles, aiming to enhance gender equality and women’s rights in tea plantation communities.

The company ensures fair labour practices, promoting equal treatment and pay for all employees. It actively prevents child labour, supports women’s freedom to associate, and offers training for career advancement.

...



# Hemas Hospitals celebrates International Women’s Day with HER MARCH

*2024-03-08 05:45:00*

[islandlk](http://island.lk/hemas-hospitals-celebrates-international-womens-day-with-her-march/)

Marking International Women’s Day, Hemas Hospitals has unveiled “HER MARCH”, an initiative dedicated to sparking discussions and action on women’s wellness and the critical role of preventive healthcare. With a steadfast commitment to enhancing the health and wellbeing of women across Sri Lanka, underscored by patient-centric care, Hemas Hospitals introduces an array of specially curated packages for women. These comprehensive health assessments are provided at attractive prices, and are available through various banks and a widely available digital healthcare platform, for a limited time.

...



# Peter Dooley Naval Institute of Germany supporting training of SL seafarers

*2024-03-08 05:45:00*

[islandlk](http://island.lk/peter-dooley-naval-institute-of-germany-supporting-training-of-sl-seafarers/)

Peter Dooley Naval Institute of Germany has expressed its willingness to provide technical training for Sri Lankan seafarers.On March 6, Rainer Sterk, the training manager of that institution, informed Minister of Ports and Shipping Nimal Siripala de Silva about the project at the minister’s office.

Stark said that at present, the Peter Dooley Naval Institute provides technical training to seafarers in many countries, including the Philippines, and 15 youths have been trained as merchant marine cadets, jointly with the Central Marine Institute of Sri Lanka.

...



# Expanding Ed-tech through partnerships and AI to improve quality education: Insights for Sri Lanka

*2024-03-08 05:44:05*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/columns/Expanding-Ed-tech-through-partnerships-and-AI-to-improve-quality-education-Insights-for-Sri-Lanka/4-759284)

Use of technology in education has notably enhanced productivity and resilience in the educational sector

‘’Currently an assessment could be deployed in about 5 minutes, in class, student responses are instantaneous and so are the results (he doesn’t need to grade them separately). Traditional assessment usually takes 3-4 hours each’’ -- an assistant teacher at a Composite School in India who has been using Class Saathi, an Ed-tech initiative which is a Bluetooth clicker-based smart classroom solution that makes formative assessment easy and fast.

...



# Electricity Act revision underway sends Bill for legal review: Kanchana

*2024-03-08 05:36:53*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/Electricity-Act-revision-underway-sends-Bill-for-legal-review-Kanchana/56-759282)

Aims to present Bill to Parliament next month after Cabinet approval

Expresses willingness to engage stakeholders in discussions to further reduce fuel prices via transparent pricing formula

Heavy rainfall alleviates power generation challenges, partially offsetting 2022 loss of over Rs. 270 b

Ministry aims to integrate Siambalanduwa project into national grid by second half of 2025, enhancing capacity by 100 MW at an affordable rate

Several large-scale wind and solar projects in pipeline, with plans to release tender notice for a 50 MW in Mannar next week

...



# Commonwealth Enterprise and Investment Council Chie completes successful visit to SL

*2024-03-08 05:33:07*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/Commonwealth-Enterprise-and-Investment-Council-Chie-completes-successful-visit-to-SL/34-759281)

From left : CWEIC Chairman Lord Marland and President Ranil Wickremesinghe

From left :  State Minister of Investment Promotion Dilum Amunugama and CWEIC Chairman Lord Marland

Commonwealth Enterprise and Investment Council (CWEIC) Chairman Lord Marland concluded a successful 3-day visit to Sri Lanka as part of a larger trip to South and South East Asia. The visit presented a significant opportunity to foster further ties between the Government, business sector and the CWEIC.

...



# Former female MPs felicitated in Parliament ahead of International Women’s Day 2024

*2024-03-08 05:29:44*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/Former-female-MPs-felicitated-in-Parliament-ahead-of-International-Women-s-Day-2024/56-759280)

Parliament unveils special photo wall with photographs of all women MPs from 1931 to date

Former female Parliame-ntarians were felicitated during a special felicitation program organised by Women Parliamentarians’ Caucus, held yesterday in Parliament ahead of the International Women’s Day 2024.

...



# Speaker reveals MPs appointed to Parliamentary committees

*2024-03-08 05:28:27*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/Speaker-reveals-MPs-appointed-to-Parliamentary-committees/56-759279)

Speaker of the House Mahinda Yapa Abeywardana revealed the lists of members appointed to 36 committees for the fifth session of the ninth Parliament.

The appointments were made in accordance with the motions approved by Parliament on 9 February.

Ministerial Consultative Committee on Finance, Economic Stabilisation and National Policies

Ministerial Consultative Committee on Women, Child Affairs and Social Empowerment

Ministerial Consultative Committee on Justice, Prisons Affairs and Constitutional Reforms

Ministerial Consultative Committee on Water Supply and Estate Infrastructure Development



# KIST launches new squeezable bottles for its sauce range

*2024-03-08 05:28:00*

[islandlk](http://island.lk/kist-launches-new-squeezable-bottles-for-its-sauce-range/)

Cargills Food & Beverages Limited, renowned for producing a wide range of food and beverages under the trusted Sri Lankan brand KIST, is launching an exotic sauce collection in an easy-to-use squeezable bottle named ‘KIST Squeeasy Buddy.’ This collection embodies the concept of a culinary companion, designed to support day-to-day cooking needs.

...



# Commonwealth Enterprise and Investment Council chairman Lord Marland’s Sri Lanka visit a resounding success

*2024-03-08 05:28:00*

[islandlk](http://island.lk/commonwealth-enterprise-and-investment-council-chairman-lord-marlands-sri-lanka-visit-a-resounding-success/)

Commonwealth Enterprise and Investment Council (CWEIC) Chairman Lord Marland concluded a successful 3-day visit to Sri Lanka as part of a larger trip to South and South East Asia. The visit presented a significant opportunity to foster further ties between the government, business sector, and the CWEIC.

...



# Sri Lankan family, including four children, is 'mass murder' in Canada

*2024-03-08 04:40:38*

[bbccomsinhala](https://www.bbc.com/sinhala/articles/c80kqvgw1qdo)

Sri Lankan family, including four children, is 'mass murder' in Canada

The Canadian police say that the deaths of a Sri Lankan family, including four children, including four children.

Police say that the victims have recently arrived in Canada and the youngest youngerly from the victims.

The murder had been accused of a 19-year-old student who lived with the family.

"This is a futility violence," this is a futility violence, "said Thursday (yesterday).

Police officers responded to emergency calls on Wednesday in the State of Ottawa, Ottawan.

...



# The Electricity Board Bill will be tabled in April

*2024-03-08 04:36:50*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/மின்சார-சபைச்-சட்டமூலம்-ஏப்ரலில்-சமர்பிக்கப்படும்/175-334373)

The Amendment Electricity Board Bill has been sent to the Attorney General's Department for approval and the approval of the Cabinet will be presented in Parliament in April, said Power and Energy Minister Kanjana Wijesekera.

The Minister said this at a media briefing held at the Presidential Media Center yesterday. He further stated that

...



# IMF for Sri Lanka's dedication. Appreciate

*2024-03-08 04:30:36*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/இலங்கையின்-அர்ப்பணிப்புக்கு-ஐ-எம்-எப்-பாராட்டு/175-334372)

"We are praising the Sri Lankan government's firm commitment to implementing the project in partnership with the International Monetary Fund," said Peter Brouver, Chairman of the International Monetary Fund.

He was speaking at the meeting with President Ranil Wickremesinghe at the Ministry of Finance yesterday.

Peter Brouver pointed out that Sri Lanka has been implementing a program with the International Monetary Fund.

He said that it is a pleasure to re -strengthen the economy of Sri Lanka and congratulate President Ranil Wickremesinghe's dedication.

...



# Can't confront the conspiracies

*2024-03-08 04:23:00*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/சதிகளை-எதிர்கொள்ள-முடியாமற்போனது/175-334371)

Former President Gotabhaya Rajapakse said in his book yesterday that the international powers and a few domestic parties have set up violent protests and destroying activities to remove me from the presidency.

The book, titled 'Conspiracy to Remove Me from the President', has been sold since yesterday morning.

Gotabhaya Rajapakse said that he knew that the zealous international powers and a few domestic parties would not stop their actions until they were removed.

In his book, he also stated that he had resigned to end the political conspiracy and destructive act to impact the people.. (A)



# Big power brinkmanship and that elusive ship in Red Sea

*2024-03-08 04:07:00*

[islandlk](http://island.lk/big-power-brinkmanship-and-that-elusive-ship-in-red-sea/)

There appears to be confusion over diverse reports on the deployment of a Sri Lanka Navy ship in the Red Sea, to participate in a US-led military operation against Houthi ship attacks. President Ranil Wickemesinghe has remarked on this mission at various events, but it is still not clear whether a vessel is to be sent, has already been sent, or will not be sent.

Over the past several weeks, media reports have conveyed that:

...



# Special train services from today

*2024-03-08 04:06:00*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/இன்று-முதல்-விசேட-ரயில்-சேவைகள்/175-334370)

Special train services will be carried out from today to mark the long weekend holiday.

Railway Transport Superintendent NMJ says these rail services will be carried out in the northern and hill country.. Having said.

A train departed towards Badulla before the postal train service last night. A railway service will be operated from Colombo Fort to Badulla at 7.30 am today.

In addition, two trains will travel from Badulla to Colombo Fort at 7.45 am on March 10 and 5.20 pm.

In addition to this, a special train service will be held from Anuradhapura to Kankesanthurai today. (A)



# Firing in Canada: 6 Sri Lankans killed

*2024-03-08 04:00:45*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/பிரசித்த-செய்தி/கனடாவில்-துப்பாக்கி-சூடு-6-இலங்கையர்கள்-பலி/150-334369)

The bodies of six six people, including 4 children, have been found in a house in the southwestern part of Ottawa, the capital of Canada.

Ottawa police said that the mother, her four children and a relative of the family were killed.

A Sri Lankan citizen suspect has been arrested in connection with the incident. (A)



# Firing in Canada: 6 Sri Lankans killed

*2024-03-08 04:00:45*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/கனடாவில்-துப்பாக்கி-சூடு-6-இலங்கையர்கள்-பலி/175-334369)

The bodies of six people, including 4 children, have been found in a house in the southwestern part of the Canada capital, Ottawa.

Ottawa police said that the mother, her four children and a relative of the family were killed.

A Sri Lankan citizen suspect has been arrested in connection with the incident. (A)



# Envoy Kananathan and Central African Republic President Faustin Touadéra hold talks

*2024-03-08 03:49:00*

[islandlk](http://island.lk/envoy-kananathan-and-central-african-republic-president-faustin-touadera-hold-talks/)

Sri Lanka’s envoy to Kenya, Kana Kananathan, yesterday (07) had talks with Central African Republic President Faustin-Archange Touadéra in the Central African Republic. The discussions revolved around enhancing bilateral ties, emphasising potential collaboration avenues. Talks also focussed on mining opportunities for Sri Lankans in the Central African Republic.

...



# International Women’s Day and Women  in Lanka - EDITORIAL

*2024-03-08 02:09:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/opinion/International-Womens-Day-and-Women-in-Lanka-EDITORIAL/172-278458)

The world celebrates International Women’s Day, today. March 8 is a day set apart to recognise the cultural, political, social and economic achievements made by women. It also serves as an opportunity to inspire efforts to end gender biases and discrimination, and achieve gender equality.

International Women’s Day is linked to the women’s movements during the Russian Revolution. On March 8, 1917, thousands of women in Russia heralded the start of the Russian revolution by going on strike to demand bread and in protest at the toll of Russian lives lost in during World War I.

...



# Famine looms in Gaza as Biden, Trump play politics

*2024-03-08 02:04:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/opinion/Famine-looms-in-Gaza-as-Biden-Trump-play-politics/172-278457)

Palestinians running toward parachutes attached to food parcels, airdropped from US aircraft on a beach in the Gaza Strip. AFP

With a dangerous Donald Trump just one hurdle away from breasting the 2024 presidential tape after his sweeping victory at the Super Tuesday poll to pick the Republican Party candidate, the Palestinian people, if they are fortunate enough to survive Israel’s genocide, are likely to see a worse catastrophe than they are being inflicted now under his presidency.

...



# Vipulananda Tamil Vidyalaya Seminar for Education Public Standards

*2024-03-08 02:02:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/178218)

The Principal of the school N.. Ravichandran led by Ravichandran.

At the invitation of the Chancellor of the School, Dr. Vinayagamoorthy, the founder of the Jananam Foundation, Dr. Vinayagamoorthy, was the chief guest and the President of the All Ceylon Christian Development Union, Van Pitha Pitha Pitha Pitha Sandru Fernando was the guest of honor.

At the same time, it is a special feature that Dr. Vinayagamoorthy Janakan was also gifted to hold a seminar for ordinary students to improve the education of the students.

...



# Political representation of women in Sri Lanka

*2024-03-08 01:53:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/178217)

Although Sri Lanka has a strong democratic policy, the political representation of women is at a very low level. The Netherlands Ambassador Bonnie Harbak said the situation should be changed soon.

He added that the influence of social networks among the worldwide has increased the laws that restrict freedom of expression.. Nevertheless, it is mandatory for the freedom of the people to be protected in a democratic country.



# How female change-makers are driving Sri Lanka’s energy saving platform

*2024-03-08 01:53:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/news-features/How-female-change-makers-are-driving-Sri-Lankas-energy-saving-platform/131-278455)

For centuries women have been at the forefront in managing energy in households. Here in the picture some women are seen installing a solar power system on the roof of a home

With rising energy costs, there has been a growing interest in implementing energy saving measures

Efforts have been made to develop a large waste material supply channel also known as RDF (Refuse Derived Fuel)

It has been suggested to implement loan schemes and incentive schemes for renewable energy installations such as solar power

Educating school teachers on energy conservation can lead to a brighter future with energy conservation

...



# Carrying artists of the president. Prez ”Book

*2024-03-08 01:37:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/178216)

Parliamentarian Vajira Abeywardena has depicted President Ranil Wickremesinghe's role in the past. Prez. ”

The book was launched at the Pokuna Gallery of Colombo on Thursday (07) under the leadership of President Ranil Wickremesinghe.

President Ranil Wickremesinghe said that such collections are part of democracy and therefore it has been able to ensure that independence has been established in the country.

The President added that such works would never be born in the dictatorial regime and boasted of the abolition of the Criminal Slander Act.

...



# Sri Lanka's commitment to the project with the IMF -Peter Brewar

*2024-03-08 01:26:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/178215)

Peter Breuer, Chairman of the International Monetary Fund, said that the Sri Lankan government praised the firm commitment to the implementation of the project in partnership with the International Monetary Fund and that such dedication would bring about progress.

He made this statement while addressing President Ranil Wickremesinghe at the Ministry of Finance on Thursday (07).

Peter Breauver pointed out that Sri Lanka has appropriately implemented a program with the IMF.

He also congratulated President Ranil Wickremesinghe's dedication of Sri Lanka's economy again.

...



# I welcome the involvement of the opposition parties in activities with the Monetary Fund;Talk with all the opposition on Monday - President

*2024-03-08 01:14:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/178214)

United People's Power MP Harsha de Silva's request to incorporate opposition parties in activities with the IMF. President Ranil Wickremesinghe said that he will discuss the matter with all the opposition parties next Monday.

Comps vs compiled by MP Vajira Abeywardena to reveal how journalists and caricatists viewed the challenging times in the life of President Ranil Wickremesinghe. Prez "Book was published on Thursday (7) at the Lotus Gallery of Colombo under the leadership of President Ranil Wickremesinghe. Speaking at the event, the President further stated that he said.

...



# Rahitha Abeygunawardena is the Chairman of the Cobb Group

*2024-03-08 01:06:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/178213)

Rohitha Abe Gunawardena, Member of Parliament of the Kalutara District of the PA, has been elected as the Chairman of the Committee of Government Responsibility (COP).

The Committee on Government Responsibility is already the Chairman of the State MP. While Professor Ranjith Bandara was present, the committee's actions were postponed due to the controversy and the sexual harassment of him against him.

In this backdrop, the committee was dissolved and the 5th session began as the 5th parliamentary session was postponed and the selection of the committee was held yesterday.

...



# Sadev, Dineet and Nathan. Toma scored 297 runs

*2024-03-08 00:19:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/178211)

Colombo SSC. TS started on Thursday (07) at the playground. Royal for Senanayake Gnanakarta Shield. The Toma team lost all the wickets and scored 297 runs.

In the first day's game. As Thoma's last wicket fell, as well as the first day of the game.

At the beginning of this competition. The Toma team was very good.

During the first day of the first day of the lunch break. The Toma team lost only one wicket and scored 97 runs.

Sadev Soyza and Senathi Bullenkulama shared 66 runs and made a good start.

Sadev Soyza and Dineet Gunawardena shared 66 runs in the second wicket after they lost 13 runs with 13 runs.

...



# Ottawa: Four children among six found dead in house

*2024-03-07 23:44:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Ottawa-Four-children-among-six-found-dead-in-house/108-278454)

BBC News, Toronto - Canadian police are treating the deaths of four children and two adults at a house in Ottawa as homicides.

Officers were responding to an emergency call placed at approximately 22:52 local time (03:52 GMT) on Wednesday when they found the six people.

Ottawa police chief Eric Stubbs has described the incident as a "mass shooting".

Sri Lanka's High Commission in Ottawa told the BBC on Thursday that the victims were a family of Sri Lankan nationals.

The commission did not provide further details, referring questions to police.

...



# Ottawa: Four children among six found dead in house

*2024-03-07 23:44:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/international/Ottawa-Four-children-among-six-found-dead-in-house/107-278454)

BBC News, Toronto - Canadian police are treating the deaths of four children and two adults at a house in Ottawa as homicides.

Officers were responding to an emergency call placed at approximately 22:52 local time (03:52 GMT) on Wednesday when they found the six people.

Ottawa police chief Eric Stubbs has described the incident as a "mass shooting".

Sri Lanka's High Commission in Ottawa told the BBC on Thursday that the victims were a family of Sri Lankan nationals.

The commission did not provide further details, referring questions to police.

...



# Minister Kanchana says efforts underway to further alleviate fuel prices

*2024-03-07 23:26:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97808/minister-kanchana-says-efforts-underway-to-further-alleviate-fuel-prices)

Minister of Power and Energy, Kanchana Wijesekera, announced that the revised Electricity Act has been sent to the Legal Draftsman’s Department for review. He anticipates presenting it to Parliament for approval in April following Cabinet endorsement.

Additionally, the minister expressed readiness to engage stakeholders to discuss reducing fuel prices further through a transparent pricing formula.

These remarks were made during his participation in a press conference titled ‘Collective Path to a Stable Country’ held today (07) at the Presidential Media Centre.

...



# Six Sri Lankan family killed in Canada shot

*2024-03-07 23:11:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194273)

A family identified as Sri Lankans have been killed in a shooting in the capital of Canada, the capital of Canada.

The mother of the family had died and children were killed and her father spent hospitalized in the hospital with serious injuries.

The Ottawa Police said that one suspect was arrested on the crime.



# Six of ‘Sri Lankan family’ found shot dead in Ottawa home, including four children

*2024-03-07 22:57:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97807/six-of-sri-lankan-family-found-shot-dead-in-ottawa-home-including-four-children)

(AP) — Police in Ottawa on Thursday were investigating a suspected multiple homicide following the deaths of two adults and four children at a house in the southern part of the Canadian capital.

A seventh person was in hospital with serious, but non-life-threatening, injuries. It was not immediately announced how the victims died Wednesday, but the Ottawa mayor referred to the case as a “multiple homicide,” and police said a suspect had been arrested.

...



# A Sri Lankan who served on a ship attacked by Houthis hurts

*2024-03-07 22:35:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/178210)

The Sri Lankan navy reports that two Sri Lankans are among the 21 employees rescued by the Indian warship, the Indian warship ship from the freight vessel, which was launched by Houthi insurgents in the Gulf of Aden.

Navy spokesman Gayan Wickremasuriya further confirmed that one of the rescued Sri Lankan citizens was injured in the attack.



# IMF program is exhibiting promising signs of efficacy – IMF Mission Chief for Sri Lanka

*2024-03-07 22:26:00*

[islandlk](http://island.lk/imf-program-is-exhibiting-promising-signs-of-efficacy-imf-mission-chief-for-sri-lanka/)

During the meeting between President Ranil Wickremesinghe and the IMF team at the Finance Ministry today (07), Peter Breuer, the Senior Mission Chief for Sri Lanka, delivered encouraging remarks. Breuer emphasized that the IMF program is exhibiting promising signs of efficacy, translating into tangible outcomes. He commended the authorities for their unwavering commitment to the program’s implementation, noting that such dedication is instrumental in driving positive change.

...



# Workers’ remittances and tourism earnings up in February 2024

*2024-03-07 22:14:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97806/workers-remittances-and-tourism-earnings-up-in-february-2024)

Sri Lanka has recorded an over 16 percent increase in workers’ remittances while tourism earnings has increased by nearly 114 percent in February 2024 compared to the previous year, according to the latest data from the Central Bank of Sri Lanka (CBSL).

Workers’ remittances reached USD 476.2 million in February 2024, showing a growth of 16.88% compared to February 2023.

Meanwhile the earnings from tourism in February 2024 was recorded as USD 345.7 million. This is an increase of 113.92% compared with the same month last year.



# The priest of the Vedukunnarimalai temple was arrested!Police are anarchy in violation of court order!

*2024-03-07 22:01:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/178209)

Two persons, including the priest of the temple, were forcibly arrested by the Nedungeni police who were carrying out the Shivaratri day arrangements at the Adi Ilingeswarar Temple in Vavuniya.

The temple was taken to perform a special pooja at Vettukkunnimalai on Friday (8).

In this case, the management of the temple has been deployed in the Vavuniya court as the administration of the temple has been disrupted by the police.

The court on Tuesday (5) ordered the temple to act as per the order already issued by the court on the Vedukkunnarimalai temple.

...



# President to invite Opposition parties to discuss IMF programme

*2024-03-07 21:58:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/President-to-invite-Opposition-parties-to-discuss-IMF-programme/108-278438)

Colombo, March 07 (Daily Mirror) -  President Ranil Wickremesinghe has announced plans to convene a meeting next Monday (11) inviting leaders, including those from the Opposition to contribute ideas in line with the ongoing discussions with officials from the International Monetary Fund (IMF).

He revealed this at the launching ceremony of the "Press Vs. Prez" book today (07), with the President presiding over the event.

...



# Significant increase in labor remittances

*2024-03-07 21:55:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194272)

US $ 476.2 million in February 2024 has sent US $ 476.2 million in February 2024, the Central Bank of Sri Lanka.

The Central Bank said Sri Lanka has earned US $ 345.7 million in the same month.

It is 16.88% and 113.92% respectively compared to February 2023.



# President reiterates govt’s commitment to sustaining momentum and advancing economic agenda

*2024-03-07 21:50:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97805/president-reiterates-govts-commitment-to-sustaining-momentum-and-advancing-economic-agenda)

During the meeting between President Ranil Wickremesinghe and the IMF team at the Finance Ministry today (07), the Senior Mission Chief for Sri Lanka Peter Breuer emphasized that the IMF program is exhibiting promising signs of efficacy, translating into tangible outcomes.

He commended the authorities for their unwavering commitment to the program’s implementation, noting that such dedication is instrumental in driving positive change, the President’s Media Division (PMD) said.

Mr. Breuer further expressed his satisfaction at witnessing the economy starting to turn around, underscoring the significance of this progress.

...



# Yall. The statue of Buddha placed in the Chiripuram area has been removed

*2024-03-07 21:41:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/178208)

According to reports, a statue of Buddha, which was placed in the Chiripuram area in Jaffna, has recently been disputed.

The statue of Buddha was placed under the royal tree behind the Chiripuram Chowkadi Pillaiyar temple.

The people of the area suspected that the statue of Buddha may have been placed by the navy in the area, and feared that the Vihara could be originated in the wake of the Buddha statue.

Residents have reported that the statue of Buddha has been removed from the site as news reports in the media.



# Sweden set to become NATO’s 32nd member as PM visits Washington

*2024-03-07 21:33:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97804/sweden-set-to-become-natos-32nd-member-as-pm-visits-washington)

(Reuters) - Sweden is expected to formally join NATO in Washington on Thursday, two years after Russia’s invasion of Ukraine forced a complete rethink of its national security policy and the realisation the alliance offered the best guarantee of safety.

Swedish Prime Minister Ulf Kristersson is in Washington to hand over the final documentation, with the White House saying in a statement ahead of President Joe Biden’s State of the Union Address that Sweden would join on Thursday.

“Having Sweden as a NATO Ally will make the United States and our Allies even safer,” the statement said.

...



# Although the Cabinet and the president have decided to suspend the Parade law, commercial banks are auctioning for competition - Sajith Premadasa

*2024-03-07 21:30:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/178181)

Even the President also announced in Parliament that the Paratete Act was suspended until December 15, but today commercial banks are not implementing this. The Opposition Leader said that after the auction of private banks under the Paratede Act, there was no such thing in passing the law.

I raise this issue for the micro, small and medium -sized industry that contributes to 50% of the country's GDP and 52% of employment. The Opposition Leader said that even if commercial banks did not implement the decision taken by the Cabinet, a Cabinet would not be useful.

...



# Delete Chanakyan's allegations from Hansat;Prior accusation among the media - Challenge to Rohitha Abeygunawardena Chanakyan

*2024-03-07 21:23:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/178176)

I have made clear to the congregation regarding the gold chain cutting issue. Chanakyan Rasamanikam urged Deputy Speaker Ajith Rajapaksa, who urged the Hansat to remove the false accusations from the Hansat record.

He was speaking on the issue of order during the adjournment debate held in Parliament on Thursday (07).

According to the Parliamentary Standing Ordinance, he should not contact him when there is no member of the House.When I am not in the House, MP Chanakyan Rasamanikam has made false allegations by referring to my name.

...



# Inhuman attack on teachers who interfered with student clash

*2024-03-07 21:23:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194271)

The Galnewa area in general area Anuradhapura has been assaulted by two teachers who have been assaulted to resolve a dispute for two schoolchildren.

The dispute between two students have been caused by two students during an intermediate sports training in the Galnewa area in Anuradhapura.

The teachers have gone to his home to explain that the teachers were assaulted and hospitalized.

Accordingly, one of the relatives of one student who created the dispute have been brutally assaulted.

A 17-year-old youth has been arrested in connection with the incident and the rest of the assailants have been arrested.



# New NATO MEMBER

*2024-03-07 21:01:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194270)

It is reported that the NATO organization is the members of Sweden from March 7th.



# “The number of buses in buses has declined”

*2024-03-07 20:57:39*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/பஸ்களில்-சீண்டுவோர்-எண்ணிக்கை-குறைந்துவிட்டது/175-334356)

Deputy Inspector General of Police Nihal Dalduwa said that the sexual abuse and complaints of children and girls in bus and public places are declining.

The number of crimes has now been reduced to 20 people per day.

He also said that the public is cooperating with the public to take action on sexual abuse of children and girls in public places.. Remble



# Foreign foreigners engaged in tourism businesses

*2024-03-07 20:36:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194269)

It has been revealed that tourists to visit Sri Lanka are engaged in tourist visa.

We have also looked into such businesses in the South Coast.

Sri Lanka is a world leader tourist destination, including beautiful beaches, traditional food, historical heritage, wildlife, Ayurveda.

The number of tourists coming to Sri Lanka has significantly increased this year.

Some of the travelers come to Sri Lanka on tourist visas have already begun to do business during their vacation.

Tourist zones such as large ranks, Galle, Unawatuna and Mirissa, in the South Coast, Galle, Unawatuna and Mirissa.

...



# Two suspects arrested with two million gajamuth

*2024-03-07 20:21:08*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/කෝටි-දෙක-ගජමුතු-දෙකක්-සමඟ-දෙදෙනෙක්-අත්අඩංගුවට/11-408489)

In the Chilaw Division Criminal Criminal Criminal Criminal Criminal Investigations, two suspects have been arrested along with two coastal centers in the coast of the army intelligence.

The suspects have been revealed in Kurunegala, Kurunegala residents of age and 31 years old. The Chilaw Police are conducting further investigations.



# Air pollution is increasing today

*2024-03-07 20:12:02*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/අද-වායු-දූෂණය-වැඩි-වෙයි/11-408488)

The National Building Research Organization (NBRO) says that some cities will be able to increase their air pollution today (08).

At the time of the 24 hours ended at 08.00 am yesterday (07) at 08.00 am at 08.00 am, the Sri Lankan air travelers (PM2.5), the Sri Lanka's air travelers (SL Aqi), which is, 61-150It also pointed out that the value was valued.

It is also mentioned that the Sri Lankan easeholder situation index (SL Aqi, 51-100) was held at other cities yesterday.

...



# Sri Lankans rescued on the ship's ship

*2024-03-07 20:08:28*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/தாக்குதலுக்குள்ளான-கப்பலில்-இருந்த-இலங்கையர்கள்-மீட்பு/175-334355)

21 people, including injured, have been rescued after Houthi rebels fired missiles

The Sri Lanka Navy spokesman said the rescue operation was carried out by the Indian Navy.

It is also reported that two Sri Lankans include these rescued. One of them was injured, the Sri Lankan navy said.

The Indian Navy has stated that the group has been rescued by instructions, helicopters and boats.. Remble



# 'Press vs Prez' book launched...

*2024-03-07 20:03:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/caption-story/Press-vs-Prez-book-launched/110-278433)

The "Press Vs. Prez" book was officially launched at the Nelum Pokuna Theater in Colombo today (07) under the patronage of President Ranil Wickremesinghe. Pix by Pradeep Pathirana



# Indian Warship rescues crew members from attacked ship in Gulf of Aden

*2024-03-07 20:02:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Indian-Warship-rescues-crew-members-from-attacked-ship-in-Gulf-of-Aden/108-278434)

March 07 - An Indian warship, INS Kolkata, swiftly responded to a distress call in the Gulf of Aden, rescuing 21 crew members from the cargo ship 'True Confidence' after it was targeted by a missile launched by Houthi rebels.

Among those rescued were two Sri Lankans, one of whom sustained injuries during the attack, as reported by the Sri Lanka Navy Spokesman.

...



# UNFPA Director urges action to safeguard women’s rights in post-pandemic Sri Lanka

*2024-03-07 19:53:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/UNFPA-Director-urges-action-to-safeguard-womens-rights-in-post-pandemic-Sri-Lanka/108-278436)

Sri Lanka, March 07 - Amidst the challenges of a post-pandemic world and economic uncertainties, the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA) underscores the critical importance of protecting the rights and dignity of women and girls in Sri Lanka.

During a recent three-day visit to the island nation, Pio Smith, the Asia-Pacific Regional Director of UNFPA, emphasized the urgent need for dedicated efforts towards the health, safety, and wellbeing of women and girls.

...



# 22 Indians arrested in illegal activities

*2024-03-07 19:49:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/178205)

Talangama police have arrested 22 Indian citizens allegedly involved in illegal activities using computer and smart phones.

According to a complaint lodged by an Indian embassy, a police officer said that the suspects were arrested in a house in Nagahamulla area in Talangama.



# Lasantha Alagawanna

*2024-03-07 19:44:21*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/කෝපා-නව-සභාපති-ලසන්ත-අලගියවන්න/11-408487)

Minister of State Lasantha Alagiyawanna was the new Chairman of the Committee on Public Accounts (Capa Committee).. The first meeting of the Committee on Public Accounts was held today (07).

State Minister Lasantha Alagiyawanna, MP Vajira Abeywardena proposed by Parliamentaries Vajira Abeywardena. Confirmed by Mr. Sitharan.

He said that the new chairman had discussed the future activities of the Committee and the members of the members are looking for support to achieve this.

...



# Rohitha Abeygunawardhane attempted to assault me: Rasamanickam

*2024-03-07 19:44:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Rohitha-Abeygunawardhane-attempted-to-assault-me-Rasamanickam/108-278435)

Colombo, March 07 (Daily Mirror) - Parliamentarian Rajaputhiran Rasamanickam said MP Rohitha Abeygunawardhane threatened him and attempted to physically assault him in the Prime Minister's Office in Parliament today.

Raising a privileges issue in Parliament, he said MP Abeygunawardhane threatned him for walking into the Prime Minister's Office.

"How dare you walked into our Prime Minsiter's office?", he questioned and threatened me and tried to physically assault me threatening me to meet him by the lift. State Minister Ashoka Priyantha, who was there, prevented him. My life is under threat," the MP said.

...



# Most Sri Lanka ruling party MPs want to back Wickremesinghe: state minister

*2024-03-07 19:37:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/most-sri-lanka-ruling-party-mps-want-to-back-wickremesinghe-state-minister-153733/)

ECONOMYNEXT — A large majority of the parliamentary group of the ruling Sri Lanka Podujana Peramuna (SLPP) believe that President Ranil Wickremesinghe should run for president, but the party will have to decide on who they will support, an MP said.

Speaking to reporters on Wednesday March 06, State Minister Arundika Fernando said the SLPP’s parliamentary group overwhelmingly believes that President Wickremesinghe should be the one to govern the country going forward.

...



# 3 women die from breast cancer every day in Sri Lanka!-Doctor Lanka Jayasuriya Dissanayake

*2024-03-07 19:37:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/178197)

Dr. Lanka Jayasuriya Dissanayake says 1,095 women die of breast cancer annually in Sri Lanka and 5,475 women suffer from breast cancer.

Dr. Lanka Jayasuriya Dissanayake, president of the Indira Jayasuriya Cancer Foundation, was speaking at an event held in Kandy on Thursday (07) in Kandy on the occasion of International Women's Day.

Every 8 women living in this country have the risk of breast cancer. It is very sad. He said that three women die daily in our country due to this breast cancer.

