# #SriLanka :sri_lanka: News Bulletin

<div id="news_lk_bulletin">

*Updated* **2024-04-21 08:09:44**

Here are 10 detailed bullets with objective facts from the given set of 121 news articles, that might be of practical use to ordinary Sri Lankans:

1. A man drowned in the farmingup and Jayanthi Van in Kotagoda. The deceased has been identified as a 58-year-old resident of Kotagoda. Police investigations have revealed that he had left the house for fishing on Monday (19). ( [adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195825))
2. Vietnam can grow 6.0 percent in 2024, with ‘policy support’ but there is a debate whether it should be done through fiscal (widening deficits/worsening debt or state spending) or monetary means, according to a top International Monetary Fund official. The IMF projects 6.0 percent growth for Vietnam in 2024 “as it rebounds from a challenging 2023,” Krishna Srinivasan, Director of the Asia and Pacific Department told reporters during the Spring Meetings in Washington. ( [economynextcom](https://economynext.com/vietnam-debate-on-monetary-or-fiscal-choices-to-target-output-recalls-sri-lanka-choices-159511/))
3. The music release of the film 'Odi', which appears to be the hero of actor Tamankumar's story, was held in Chennai. Taman Kumar, M. S. Bhaskar, Vel. Ramamurthy, Fruit. Karupaya, Kajaraj, Sri Ranjani and many others have been cast in the film. K. G. Sanjay Gemikam has composed the film, which has been recorded by Rathish. The film is being adapted into the truth and is ready in the thriller Janer.. Rathish has co-produced. The film is on behalf of Creative Entertainment Districts. Dhananjayan offers. ( [virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181532))
4. The Indian government has decided to remove the ban on big onion exports to Sri Lanka and recently decided to export ten thousand metric tonnes of large onions to Sri Lanka. The Ministry of Commerce and Consumer Affairs has discussed whether onions are imported from the private sector or imported from the state sector and it has been decided to import and sell large onions from India through Sri Lanka. Accordingly, in the next two weeks, the 2000 metric tons of onion will be imported as the first stockpile, the Sathosa leader said. ( [tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/சதொச-ஊடாக-வெங்காயம்-இறக்குமதி/175-336116))
5. A floral exhibition organized by the Nuwara Eliya Municipal Council was officially inaugurated yesterday (20) at the Victoria Park. The two-day floral exhibition, which is held in the spring of April, is being held in many forms, such as the image of vegetables, and the image of vegetables designed by a variety of flowers. ( [tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/நுவரெலியாவில்-மலர்-கண்காட்சி-ஆரம்பம்/175-336115))
6. Some Thoughts for the New Year: Last week was the Sinhala and Tamil New Year, Avurudu in Sinhala, Puththandu in Tamil. It marks the end of one harvest season and the beginning of another. Celebrated by Sri Lankans of all shades and stripes, of every class and background, it demonstrates, as does no other event, the multifaceted character of Sri Lankan culture. ( [islandlk](http://island.lk/some-thoughts-for-the-new-year/))
7. All things are impermanent: (Excerpted from Saris and Grapefruit, a collection of short stories by Rukmini Attygalle) ( [islandlk](http://island.lk/all-things-are-impermanent/))
8. Sri Lankan cashews are highly sought after for their milky flavour, and the market for Rancrisp cashews continues to grow. The cashew, Anacardium occidentale L., belongs to the Anacardiaceae or cashew family. Two related plants in this family are the mango and pistachio trees. Cashew nuts are kidney-shaped seeds that adhere to the bottom of the cashew apple, the fruit of the cashew tree, is native to the coastal areas of North-Eastern Sri Lanka, Brazil, and Peru. ( [islandlk](http://island.lk/cashew-nuts-are-a-healthy-snack-choice-due-to-their-nutritional-benefits/))
9. Green tea in Japan is delicately plucked with gloved hands. In spite of its technological advancement, perhaps as in no other Asian country, modern Japan still maintains close links with simple things of its past in several enduring forms. The commonest, to mention a few, are the tatami mat-covered floors in homes, tiny goblets of hot sake in winter, cold sake in summer, bamboo chopsticks, delicious tempura and of course green tea with its subtle flavour and aroma. The 121 million people in Japan are estimated to have consumed some 186 million kilograms of green tea in 1984 together with about 10 million kilograms of black tea imported from Sri Lanka, Indonesia and some other countries. ( [islandlk](http://island.lk/green-tea-in-japan-delicately-plucked-with-gloved-hands/))
10. Sri Lanka’s Easter Bombings: A Preventable Tragedy - Five years on, Sri Lanka’s Easter Sunday bombings has left us with more questions than answers. Both the Gotabaya Rajapaksa government and now the Ranil Wickremesinghe tenure has been shown up poorly in terms of ensuring the masterminds and those who failed to prevent the bombings are bought to book. As one sifts through various reports and discussions on the Easter Sunday bombings which took the lives of 315 and injured at least 600, one must, as Sunanda Deshapriya, activist and investigative journalist told a webinar recently, ask whether that tragedy was preventable. ( [economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lankas-easter-bombings-a-preventable-tragedy-159516/))

</div>

[Previous](data) Bulletins

## Methodology

This bulletin has been autogenerated by MistralAI's [mistral-large-latest](https://mistral.ai/news/mistral-large/) model, with the following prompt:

*Extract objective facts from this set of news articles, that might be of practical use to ordinary Sri Lankans,and present as 10 detailed bullets. EXCLUDE news not directly relevant to Sri Lanka. DO NOT duplicate repeat news articles. EXCLUDE political opinions/statements by politicians. EXCLUDE marketing/propaganda. DO mention the name of the source, as "[newspaper]". EMPHASIZE named entities and statistics in bold.*

## Source News

Based on **121** News Articles, from the last **32** hours.

# Man drowns

*2024-04-21 07:34:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195825)

A man drowned in the farmingup and Jayanthi Van.

The deceased has been identified as a 58 year old resident of the Kotagoda.

Police investigations have revealed that he had left the house for fishing on Monday (19).



# Vietnam debate on monetary or fiscal choices to target output recalls Sri Lanka choices

*2024-04-21 07:32:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/vietnam-debate-on-monetary-or-fiscal-choices-to-target-output-recalls-sri-lanka-choices-159511/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Vietnam can grow 6.0 percent in 2024, with ‘policy support’ but there is a debate whether it should be done through fiscal (widening deficits/worsening debt or state spending) or monetary means, a top International Monetary Fund official said.

The IMF projects 6.0 percent growth for Vietnam in 2024 “as it rebounds from a challenging 2023,” Krishna Srinivasan, Director of the Asia and Pacific Department told reporters during the Spring Meetings in Washington.

...



# Will actor Gavin's salary further 'Star' ..!?

*2024-04-21 07:25:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181528)

Actor Gavin's upcoming 'Star' will be released on May 10th, starring Gavin, who has raised his salary after the film 'Tata' which was released.'Star' will further raise the salary of actor Gavin.. !!The film will be sure after the release of the film.

Gavin, Malayalam actor Aditi Pohankar, Bollywood actress Aditi Pohankar, Preity Unnimukundan, Geeta Kailasam. K. Yuvan Shankar Raja has composed the film, which has been recorded by the government. The film was co -produced by producers PVSN Prasad and Srinidhi Sagar on behalf of the film companies of Rice East Entertainment and Sri Venkateswara Cine Chitra.

...



# Santhanam starrer 'Inga I am Kingu'

*2024-04-21 07:24:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181531)

Actor Santhanam starrer 'Vadakkupatti Ramaswamy' has been critically welcomed. But the production company officially announced that the film was not commercially successful. However, Santhanam has raised his salary after the success of 'Vadakkupatti Ramaswamy'.

Nevertheless, the criticism of the film industry is expected to be released after the commercial success of the film 'Inga I am Kingu', which is preparing for his performance.

Directed by director Anand Narayan, Santhanam, Priyalaya, Thambi Ramaiah, Vivek Prasanna, Bala Saravanan, Munis Kant, Maran, Lalu Saba Swaminathan, Kool Suresh and many others.

...



# The music release of the movie 'Odi' is ready to embrace true events

*2024-04-21 07:23:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181532)

The music release of the film 'Odi', which appears to be the hero of actor Tamankumar's story, was held in Chennai.

Taman Kumar, M.. S.. Bhaskar, Vel. Ramamurthy, Fruit. Karupaya, Kajaraj, Sri Ranjani and many others have been cast.

K. G. Sanjay Gemikam has composed the film, which has been recorded by Rathish. The film is being adapted into the truth and is ready in the thriller Janer.. Rathish has co -produced. The film is on behalf of Creative Entertainment Districts. Dhananjayan offers.

...



# Pays for 5 years for Easter attack

*2024-04-21 06:46:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195824)

The series of remeat was started by the special divine sacrifice held by the Kochchikade St. Anthony Church yesterday (20).

Accordingly, the substacle march from Kochchikade church to the Kupepitiya church from the Kupepitiya Church was held throughout the night.

A group of suicide attacks on the 21st of April 2019 made 10 suicide attacks on eight places in the island.

The series of the remeasury program to mark the attack on the terrorist attacks is the Ceylon of Kochchikade's goal.

The Archbishop of the Archbishop was chaired by the Antron Ranjith, the heightened relatives and wounded in the archbishop.

...



# Showers in several areas this afternoon

*2024-04-21 06:04:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195823)

The Galle and Matara districts will be held today (21) in the Western, Sabaragamuwa, Central and North Western Provinces.. The Department of Meteorology says that there will be showers at several places about 2.00.

Showers or thundershowers will occur at several places in the Batticaloa, Vavuniya and Mannar districts in Anuradhapura, Vavuniya and Mannar districts in the Uva Province.

The Department of Meteorology announced that in the Western, Sabaragamuwa and Central provinces and in the Galle and Matara districts, the Department of Meteorology announced.

...



# Lack of 40 thousand teachers

*2024-04-21 05:10:36*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/40-ஆயிரம்-ஆசிரியர்களுக்கு-பற்றாக்குறை/175-336117)

There is a shortage of about 40 thousand teachers in Sri Lanka, the Sri Lanka Teachers Union said.

Joseph Stalin, general secretary of the Sri Lanka Teachers Union, said this while speaking to the media in Colombo.

He added that there is a shortage of teachers in the Upper, Eastern, North Central and Uva provinces. (A)



# Onion imported through Sathosa

*2024-04-21 05:06:10*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/சதொச-ஊடாக-வெங்காயம்-இறக்குமதி/175-336116)

The Indian government has decided to remove the ban on big onion exports to Sri Lanka and recently decided to export ten thousand metric tonnes of large onions to Sri Lanka.

The Ministry of Commerce and Consumer Affairs has discussed whether onions are imported from the private sector or imported from the state sector and it has been decided to import and sell large onions from India through Sri Lanka.

Accordingly, in the next two weeks, the 2000 metric tons of onion will be imported as the first stockpile, the Sathosa leader said.. (A)



# Flower Exhibition Begins in Nuwara Eliya

*2024-04-21 04:57:51*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/நுவரெலியாவில்-மலர்-கண்காட்சி-ஆரம்பம்/175-336115)

A floral exhibition organized by the Nuwara Eliya Municipal Council was officially inaugurated yesterday (20) at the Victoria Park.

The two -day floral exhibition, which is held in the spring of April, is being held in many forms, such as the image of vegetables, and the image of vegetables designed by a variety of flowers.

...



# Some Thoughts for the New Year

*2024-04-21 02:55:00*

[islandlk](http://island.lk/some-thoughts-for-the-new-year/)

Last week was the Sinhala and Tamil New Year, Avurudu in Sinhala, Puththandu in Tamil. It marks the end of one harvest season and the beginning of another. Celebrated by Sri Lankans of all shades and stripes, of every class and background, it demonstrates, as does no other event, the multifaceted character of Sri Lankan culture.

...



# All things are impermanent

*2024-04-21 02:43:00*

[islandlk](http://island.lk/all-things-are-impermanent/)

(Excerpted from Saris and Grapefruit, a collection of short stories by Rukmini Attygalle)

...



# “Cashew nuts are a healthy snack choice due to their nutritional benefits.”

*2024-04-21 02:34:00*

[islandlk](http://island.lk/cashew-nuts-are-a-healthy-snack-choice-due-to-their-nutritional-benefits/)

Sri Lankan cashews are highly sought after for their milky flavour, and the market for Rancrisp cashews continues to grow.

The cashew, Anacardium occidentale L., belongs to the Anacardiaceae or cashew family. Two related plants in this family are the mango and pistachio trees. Cashew nuts are kidney-shaped seeds that adhere to the bottom of the cashew apple, the fruit of the cashew tree, is native to the coastal areas of North-Eastern Sri Lanka, Brazil, and Peru.

...



# Green tea in Japan delicately plucked with gloved hands

*2024-04-21 02:33:00*

[islandlk](http://island.lk/green-tea-in-japan-delicately-plucked-with-gloved-hands/)

In spite of its technological advancement, perhaps as in no other Asian country, modern Japan still maintains close links with simple things of its past in several enduring forms. The commonest, to mention a few, are the tatami mat-covered floors in homes, tiny goblets of hot sake in winter, cold sake in summer, bamboo chopsticks, delicious tempura and of course green tea with its subtle flavour and aroma.

The 121 million people in Japan are estimated to have consumed some 186 million kilograms of green tea in 1984 together with about 10 million kilograms of black tea imported from Sri Lanka, Indonesia and some other countries.

...



# Sri Lanka’s Easter Bombings:  A Preventable Tragedy

*2024-04-21 00:10:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lankas-easter-bombings-a-preventable-tragedy-159516/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Five years on, Sri Lanka’s Easter Sunday bombings has left us with more questions than answers.

Both the Gotabaya Rajapaksa government and now the Ranil Wickremesinghe tenure has been shown up poorly in terms of ensuring the masterminds and those who failed to prevent the bombings are bought to book.

As one sifts through various reports and discussions on the Easter Sunday bombings which took the lives of 315 and injured at least 600, one must, as Sunanda Deshapriya, activist and investigative journalist told a webinar recently, ask whether that tragedy was preventable.

...



# “The Michael Tissera Interview – with Ravi Rudra”

*2024-04-20 22:47:00*

[islandlk](http://island.lk/the-michael-tissera-interview-with-ravi-rudra/)

Ravi Rudra, presenting a Q and A with Michael Tissera in mid-December 2023, entitled

Q 1: What was the major turning point in your cricketing career?

“At school [S. Thomas College], I hardly scored runs consistently. Those days the school matches were played over two half-days and you looked to push the game along to get results. I got one only hundred while playing for College. The lack of big scores  was more mental than technique.

...



# Soldiering on in the teeth of post-July, 1983 challenges

*2024-04-20 22:47:00*

[islandlk](http://island.lk/soldiering-on-in-the-teeth-of-post-july-1983-challenges/)

(Excerpted from The Jetwing Story and the life of Herbert Cooray

...



# Dambulla team owns to Bangladesh

*2024-04-20 22:26:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195822)

The Dambulla team, which is joining the Lanka Premier League, has changed.

Accordingly, the Dambulla team contested the Dambulla Thunder.

It is reported that two Bangladeshi entrepreneurs have been owned by the Dambulla team this year.

The Lanka Premier League cricket tournament begins on 1st July.



# Pakistan makes formal request to IMF for another bailout

*2024-04-20 22:24:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98748/pakistan-makes-formal-request-to-imf-for-another-bailout)

Pakistan has made formal request to the International Monetary Fund (IMF) for seeking next bailout package in the range of $6 to $8 billion under Extended Fund Facility (EFF) with possibility of augmentation through climate financing, The News reported on Saturday.

However, the exact size and timeframe will only be determined after evolving consensus on the major contours of the next programme in May 2024.

The News sent out message to the members of Pakistani delegations, who are currently visiting Washington for attending the annual spring meetings of the IMF/World Bank, but got no reply till filing of this report.

...



# Christians' Easter Sunden Sunden Cringe 5 years

*2024-04-20 21:43:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195821)

A paree to the Quayapitiya Purpose, recalling the past year (21), will visit the Quanapitiya Patti today (20).

The series of remeating programs began this afternoon at the St. Anthony's shrine.

The Passover Saham of Sunden Saham of the Easter, which was on April 21, 2019, made 10 suicide attacks in 08 parts of the island.

Over 500 others were seriously injured and some have never recovered completely.

The Perahera is the Kochchukade Shrine to the Mattakkuliya Bridge, Wattala Junction, Katuwapitiya's church through Negoam Colombo main line.



# The Grand Old Man of Karlsruhe Hill

*2024-04-20 21:28:00*

[islandlk](http://island.lk/the-grand-old-man-of-karlsruhe-hill/)

It has been said “Man can go to the moon and travel at the speed of sound but only God can make a tree”.

Driving along the busy Baseline Road, when one sees the elegant sweep of the buildings at Wesley College one cannot miss the imposing and dignified Tamarind tree in the foreground. It is an emblem of Karlsruhe hill and has now become a local landmark. Tall and imposing this Tamarind tree has a legendary status. It is a stunningly beautiful tree in splendid isolation, framed by an even more beautiful background of the handsome school buildings.

...



# SriLankan Air Europe flight times extended, payloads cut amid Israel-Iran attacks

*2024-04-20 21:16:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/srilankan-air-europe-flight-times-extended-payloads-cut-amid-israel-iran-attacks-159503/)

ECONOMYNEXT – SriLankan Airlines said flights to Europe was departing one hour earlier and payloads have been trimmed, as an ongoing tensions between Israel and Iran force the airline was forced to take longer routes.

There have been tit-for-tat drone and missile exchanges between Iran and Israel in recent days.

“These changes mean that flight times to Europe are extended, requiring additional fuel and reducing the available payload,” the airline said.

“Further, to meet slot times in London, these flights are being advanced by one hour.

...



# Nagallangam, who won historical gold medal

*2024-04-20 20:53:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195820)

Nagalingam Edirivasingham has passed the first gold medal in Sri Lanka in the Asian Games.

Sri Lanka won the gold medal by the tall jump event at Tokyo 1958 in Tokyo.

He was 89 years old at the time of his death and died when he died, and he was living in America.



# Lanka Sathosa to import 2,000 MT of big onions

*2024-04-20 20:32:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98747/lanka-sathosa-to-import-2000-mt-of-big-onions-)

Sri Lanka has decided to import big onions from India through Lanka Sathosa.

India recently decided to send a stock of 10,000 metric tonnes of onion to Sri Lanka after lifting the export ban on onions for the island nation, under Prime Minister Narendra Modi government’s ‘Neighbourhood First Policy’.

Accordingly, discussions were held at the Ministry of Trade whether to carry out the big onion imports through state or private sector and it was decided to import onions through Lanka Sathosa.

...



# Sirisena clashes Sirisena team

*2024-04-20 20:30:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195819)

The team of acting chairman Maithripala Sirisena was the team of acting chairman Maithripala Sirisena.

The UNP's national organizer Duminda Dissanayake said that the meeting was legal at the chaired by Party Secretariat.

Chairman Maithripala Sirisena had summoned a political bokering meeting today in the crisis situation in the Sri Lanka Freedom Party.

It was reported that the meeting was convened at a public hotel in the Jayewardenepura area under the patronage of the party's secretariat.

...



# Detention orders issued on Naval Officers caught with ‘ICE’

*2024-04-20 20:10:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Detention-orders-issued-on-Naval-Officers-caught-with-ICE/108-281075)

Colombo, April 20 (Daily Mirror) - Following the apprehension of four individuals, including two Sri Lanka Navy Lieutenant Commanders, in possession of a significant quantity of crystal methamphetamine, commonly known as 'ICE,' the Hulftsdorp Magistrate’s Court issued detention orders on them.

The order mandates the detention of the suspects till April 26 for further interrogation.

The arrests stem from a recent operation conducted by officers of the Mulleriyawa Police, who seized 510 grams of 'Ice' from the possession of the four individuals.

The confiscated narcotics are valued at approximately Rs. 7.5 million.



# Sudden security program for the WPC

*2024-04-20 19:51:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195818)

A new security program for crime repression in the Western Province will be implemented from the first on May 1st September.

Police Headquarters said that the special police teams are still training on the instructions of IGP Deshabandu Tennakoon.

The police have revealed that the crimes have increased by 25 police stations in the Western Province in the past 3 years.

In the past year, 846 gold plunders, 12,125 houses and 1,748 vehicles have been reported.

Accordingly, Senior Superintendent of Police (SSP) has instructed the SSP to use 60% of police officers.

...



# The youth who jumped from the Mount Sri Pada

*2024-04-20 19:31:51*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/மலையகம்/ஸ்ரீ-பாத-மலையில்-இருந்து-குதித்த-இளைஞன்-மாயம்/76-336114)

The young man who descended from Sri Pada Mallu via Ratnapura has jumped down from the security fence, Nallathanni police said.

Dinesh Hemantha (33), who lives in Surveva area in Hambantota, jumped down and disappeared.

The young man (19) has come to Sri Pada Mountain with two more women from Suryawewa area.

Soldiers of the Lakshapana Army Camp have launched their first operation on Saturday morning (20) at the Sri Pada Body Sanctuary to find the young man who jumped out of the body of Sri Pada.

Two women who came with the young man told good police that the young man was unconscious before jumping down.

...



# Death in the sun

*2024-04-20 19:18:24*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/திருகோணமலை/வெயிலில்-மயங்கி-ஒருவர்-மரணம்/75-336113)

The incident took place on Saturday afternoon (20) after the death of a man who was working in a large space pond in the Muttur police division of Trincomalee.

Suriyamoorthy Sudhakaran (age 52), father of 3 children living in the village of Muttur - Palatadichenai, died.

It was reported that the field was in the field on Saturday (20) in the field of a large space pond.. The body of the deceased has been placed at the Muttur Hospital and is to be sent to the Trincomalee Hospital for anatomical examination, hospital sources said.

...



# Death in the sun

*2024-04-20 19:18:24*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/திருகோணமலை/வெயிலில்-மயங்கி-விழுந்து-ஒருவர்-மரணம்/75-336113)

The incident took place on Saturday afternoon (20) after the death of a man who was working in a large space pond in the Muttur police division of Trincomalee.

Suriyamoorthy Sudhakaran (age 52), father of 3 children living in the village of Muttur - Palatadichenai, died.

It was reported that the field was in the field on Saturday (20) in the field of a large space pond.. The body of the deceased has been placed at the Muttur Hospital and is to be sent to the Trincomalee Hospital for anatomical examination, hospital sources said.

...



# Toilet fluid in wife's diet

*2024-04-20 19:10:55*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/உலக-செய்திகள்/மனைவியின்-உணவில்-கழிவறை-திரவம்/50-336112)

Imran Khan has made allegations that the toilet cleaning liquid has been mixed on the diet provided to his wife

Former Pakistani Prime Minister Imran Khan has been arrested in various corruption cases and imprisoned. Meanwhile, Pakistani court has sentenced Imran Khan and his wife Busra Bevi to seven years in prison in the case of marriage against Islamic practice.

Pusra Beevi has been imprisoned at the style of Pani Gala in Islamabad. Imran Khan has accused his wife of Busra Beevi that the toilet was mixed with a toilet.

...



# Operations operating in the Sri Pada safety

*2024-04-20 19:07:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195817)

A young man at Sri Pada pilgrimage has escaped to the safe fence on the Ratnapura Road.

Troops of the Laxapana Army Camp have been launched today (20) this morning.



# Man jumps off Sri Pada Uda Maluwa, goes missing

*2024-04-20 18:34:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Man-jumps-off-Sri-Pada-Uda-Maluwa-goes-missing/108-281073)

Hatton, April 20 (Daily Mirror)- A 33-year-old pilgrim who climbed to Sri Pada went missing after he jumped off the protective fence at the Ratnapura-Sri Pada route at the Uda Maluwa.

The victim was identified as a resident of Sooriyawewa, Hambantota.

He had visited the Sri Pada with two other women yesterday (19) morning and as recorded on CCTV cameras at the Sri Pada Uda Maluwa, the man had suddenly ran down and jumpped off the protective fence while he was climbing down along the Ratnapura-Sri Pada route.

Army personnel from the Laxapana army camp launched an operation to trace the missing youth.

...



# Sarvodaya designs goes out

*2024-04-20 18:34:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195816)

The Creator of Sarvodaya Business. T. The funeral of Ariyaratne's body was held today (20) at the Independence Square of Colombo.

His body was deposited at the main headquarters of the Sarvodaya headquarters and after the religious observances of the country.

Prime Minister Dinesh Gunawardena, including ministers, state officials, government officials, including the three armed forces.



# Emirates and flydubai resume normal operations after Dubai floods

*2024-04-20 17:50:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Emirates-and-flydubai-resume-normal-operations-after-Dubai-floods/108-281072)

RIYADH, April 20 (Reuters) - Dubai's flagship carrier Emirates and sister airline flydubai have restored normal operations after heavy rains caused severe flooding across the United Arab Emirates earlier this week, the airlines said on Saturday.

Emirates cancelled nearly 400 flights and delayed many more as a result of a record storm that hit the desert city of Dubai on Tuesday, said a statement released by the airline's president, Tim Clark.

...



# Special notice from SriLankan on Europe flights as Israel-Iran tensions rise

*2024-04-20 17:46:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98746/special-notice-from-srilankan-on-europe-flights-as-israel-iran-tensions-rise)

SriLankan Airlines says it is currently modifying its flight paths for European destinations as a precautionary measure amidst the current tensions between Israel and Iran.

In a press release, the national carrier explained that these changes mean that flight times to Europe are extended, requiring additional fuel and reducing the available payload.

Additionally, in order to meet slot times in London, these flights are being advanced by one hour, the airline said further, adding that some passengers on the London flights unfortunately have missed connections or been offloaded, as a result.

...



# Vishal's 'Ratnam' 60: 40

*2024-04-20 17:24:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181533)

Director Hari in Tamil film industry has a separate fan circle. The screenplay in more than fifteen films he has directed. Director Hari has said that the film 'Ratnam' will be mixed with 'Ratnam', which will be produced by his stamp and directed by a separate style.

...



# Uncertainty looms over Sri Lanka as debt restructuring talks hit snag – experts warn

*2024-04-20 17:24:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98745/uncertainty-looms-over-sri-lanka-as-debt-restructuring-talks-hit-snag-experts-warn)

Having hit a roadblock with international bondholders, uncertainty looms over the economy of crisis-hit Sri Lanka and an upcoming review by the International Monetary Fund (IMF), experts warn.

The South Asian island country announced on Tuesday that it has failed to strike an agreement with international bondholders on restructuring more than $12 billion in debt, a mandatory requirement set out by the IMF.

...



# Sri Lankans in Israel have no problem

*2024-04-20 17:01:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195814)

Sri Lankan Ambassador to Sri Lanka Nimal Bandara says that the Sri Lankans who stay in Israel are constantly considering regularly.

The Ambassador notified to contact the Embassy if there is someone in a probleming background.

The Sri Lankan Ambassador said that although various parties were inquiries in the unrest in the Middle East, but the lives of the people in Israel are working normally.

About 11,500 Sri Lankans are serving in Israel and about 70 percent of which work in homes.

The embassy said that about 15 percent are working in the field of agriculture, workplaces and other aspects of construction and other sectors.

...



# Sri Lankans in Israel have no problem - Ambassador

*2024-04-20 16:48:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195813)

Sri Lankan Ambassador to Sri Lanka Nimal Bandara says that the Sri Lankans who stay in Israel are constantly considering regularly.

The Ambassador notified to contact the Embassy if there is someone in a probleming background.

The Sri Lankan Ambassador said that although various parties were inquiries in the unrest in the Middle East, but the lives of the people in Israel are working normally.

About 11,500 Sri Lankans are serving in Israel and about 70 percent of which work in homes.

The embassy said that about 15 percent are working in the field of agriculture, workplaces and other aspects of construction and other sectors.

...



# MP Digambaram to support plantation workers’ strike on Monday

*2024-04-20 16:40:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/MP-Digambaram-to-support-plantation-workers-strike-on-Monday/108-281071)

The Tamil Progressive Alliance (TPA) fully supports the strike that the plantation workers are scheduled to launch from Monday (22), Nuwara Eliya District Member of Parliament Palani Digambaram said during a media conference held in Hatton today.

Even though President Ranil Wickremesinghe has advised the tea plantation companies to increase the daily salary of plantation workers to Rs 1,700, they have refused to increase the salaries.

...



# MP Digambaram to support plantation workers’s strike on Monday

*2024-04-20 16:40:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/MP-Digambaram-to-support-plantation-workerss-strike-on-Monday/108-281071)

The Tamil Progressive Alliance (TPA) fully supports the strike that the plantation workers are scheduled to launch from Monday (22), Nuwara Eliya District Member of Parliament Palani Digambaram said during a media conference held in Hatton today.

Even though President Ranil Wickremesinghe has advised the tea plantation companies to increase the daily salary of plantation workers to Rs 1,700, they have refused to increase the salaries.

...



# Man hacked to death in Valaichchenai over mobile phone dispute

*2024-04-20 16:37:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98744/man-hacked-to-death-in-valaichchenai-over-mobile-phone-dispute)

A person has been hacked to death with sharp weapons in the Valaichchenai area last night (19).

Police said that the attack was perpetrated following a heated argument between two friends regarding a mobile phone.

The deceased person has been identified as a 43-year-old resident of the Birandarachchenai area.

The suspect who committed the crime has been arrested and the Valaichchenai Police is conducting further investigations regarding the incident.



# The importation of big onions through Sathosa

*2024-04-20 16:34:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195812)

The import of big onions from India has been made through Lanka Sathosa.

The Indian government decided to export the Sri Lankan delegation to Sri Lanka for Sri Lanka's removal for Sri Lanka.

The Department of Trade and Consumer Affairs discussed the stock from the private sector or the public sector, which was decided to import big onions from India through Lanka Sathosa.

According to the Suda Yapa Abeywa, Pasanda, said that 2,000 metric metrics of onions were to be imported as the first consignment.

However, Trade Minister Nalin Fernando said that the monthly big onion requirement of the country is about 20,000 metrics.



# Detention orders issued on four including naval officers busted with ‘Ice’

*2024-04-20 15:50:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98743/detention-orders-issued-on-four-including-naval-officers-busted-with-ice)

The Hulftsdorp Magistrate’s Court has issued a detention order on the four suspects including the two naval officers arrested while in possession of crystal methamphetamine (‘Ice’).

Accordingly, the arrested individuals will be detained until 26 April for interrogations.

On Friday (19), the officers of Mulleriyawa Police arrested 510 grams of ‘Ice’ from the possession of four individuals. The consignment was estimated to be worth Rs. 7.5 million.

Acting on a tip-off received on drug distribution, the police officers had raided a house located on Siriperakum Mawatha in Mulleriyawa.

...



# Two security personnel with drugs with drugs and question

*2024-04-20 15:45:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195810)

Aluthkade Magistrate's Court today (20) has been granted to retain four and the four security personnel who were arrested with drugs.

Four persons including two Lieutenant Commanders, including 510 grams of ice drug, four persons were arrested by Mulleriyawa Police.

The OIC of the Mulleriyawa Police and the OIC of the Mulleriyawa Police operates yesterday (19) at the Mulleriyakum Mawatha area in Mulleriyawa Mawatha.

In the presence of the house, the police were recovered to 400 ice narcotics.

The police then covered the house, the police then covered the door and entered the house.

...



# The US citizen Prince Harry

*2024-04-20 15:40:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181521)

Prince Harry, who is in the fifth place on the throne of the British Empire, has called himself an American citizen.

Harry, the son of British king Charles, left his family in 2020 from England.

Currently, California, wife of California, lives with Children's Archie and Lillipet.

In the United States in 2019, he started a travel -based company called 'Travelyst'.At that time, Harry referred to Britain as his residence and home country in the company's documents

Hari has now referred to the United States as his new country.



# President visits Ambewela

*2024-04-20 15:30:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/caption-story/President-visits-Ambewela/110-281069)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe visited the Ambewela Dairy Farm, equipped with state-of-the-art technology, this morning to assess its progres. Pix by President media



# Two women arrested with suspicion of cocaine

*2024-04-20 15:25:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195809)

Two foreign women were arrested at the Bandaranaike International Airport of Katunayake.

It is reported that the drug has found that the relevant drug has been found in a raid conducted by officials of the Sri Lanka Customs.

Accordingly, the two women have taken out of 40 drugs hidden in their body.

The drug has been identified as a cocaine in the preliminary investigations carried out and its market value is over Rs. 20 million.

The two women are nationals belonging to the republic of the fire. Customs said they were 40 and 42 years old.

Officers in the Drug Administration in Sri Lanka Customs conduct further investigations.



# Immigration Department to launch online visa for Sri Lanka ship travellers

*2024-04-20 15:09:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Immigration-Department-to-launch-online-visa-for-Sri-Lanka-ship-travellers/108-281062)

Colombo, April 20 (Daily Mirror) - The Immigration and Emigration Department announced a forthcoming online visa system for travellers entering Sri Lanka by ship.

The Department's Additional Controller General Nimal Gunawardena said that the online visa system will be introduced for four days.



# Two Guinea women nabbed at BIA with Rs. 20 Mn worth cocaine

*2024-04-20 15:01:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Two-Guinea-women-nabbed-at-BIA-with-Rs-20-Mn-worth-cocaine/108-281068)

Colombo, April 20 (Daily Mirror) - Two female passengers of the Republic of Guinea who tried to enter Sri Lanka by carrying Rs. 20 million worth of swallowed cocaine in their abdomens were intercepted by the Customs this morning.

Officials of the Customs Narcotic Control Unit stationed at the Arrival Terminal of the Bandaranaike International Airport questioned the foreigners on suspicion to realize that they had swallowed capsules containing cocaine.

...



# Two foreign women arrested at BIA with swallowed cocaine capsules

*2024-04-20 15:00:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98742/two-foreign-women-arrested-at-bia-with-swallowed-cocaine-capsules)

Two foreign women, who were attempting to smuggle in 500 grams of cocaine by ingesting them have been arrested at the Bandaranaike International Airport (BIA) in Katunayake.

Their drug smuggling attempt was thus foiled by the officers of the Narcotics Control Unit of Sri Lanka Customs attached to the BIA.

According to the customs spokesperson, as many as 40 capsules of cocaine have thus far been extracted from the two women and the market value of the contraband is estimated to be around Rs. 20 million.

...



# Sri Lanka will suffer if Israel-Iran conflict escalates: Ruwan

*2024-04-20 14:59:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Sri-Lanka-will-suffer-if-Israel-Iran-conflict-escalates-Ruwan/108-281067)

Colombo, April 20 (Daily Mirror)- Small nations like Sri Lanka will be adversely affected if the current conflict between Israel and Iran escalates, Presidential Advisor Ruwan Wijewardene said today.

"Nations like Sri Lanka will be adversely affected if the conflict between Iran and Israel escalates as such a scenario could result in soaring fuel prices," Wijewardene told a New Year gathering in Biyagama today.

"President Ranil Wickremesinghe will take this matter up with his Iranian counterpart Ibrahim Raisi when he visits Sri Lanka later this month," he added.

...



# Relief for military members who have not long been served

*2024-04-20 14:37:31*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/බොහෝ-කලක්-සේවයට-නොගිය-හමුදා-සාමාජිකයන්ට-සහනයක්/11-409168)

The army soldiers who have not committed the long-term leave of Sri Lanka Army have been announced today from 20 to May 20.

Accordingly, the military identity card, a copy of the National Identity Card, NPF or Driving License, and a photocopy of the bank book of the Wage and Allowance, the opportunity will be submitted to the Regiment Center they belong to them.



# Get out of care

*2024-04-20 14:04:53*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/එළියට-බහින්නේ-බලාගෙනයි/11-409167)

The Met Department forecasts a heated temperature of the human body in all districts, except four districts in Nuwara Eliya, Kandy, Matale and Badulla districts.

Among them in the North, North Central, Sabaragamuwa, Eastern, Southern and North Western provinces.. The weather foretold the heat of the Moneragala district is also a focus on today.

Therefore, the Department of Meteorology also inform the public to follow the actions of warm weather.



# North Korea releases song praising leader Kim as ‘friendly father’

*2024-04-20 13:58:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98741/north-korea-releases-song-praising-leader-kim-as-friendly-father-)

North Korea has released a new song praising leader Kim Jong Un for being a “friendly father” and a “great leader”, in a move that appears to be part of a propaganda drive to enhance his standing in the reclusive state.

The music video for the song was aired on the state-controlled Korean Central Television on Wednesday.

It features North Koreans of different backgrounds ranging from children to troops and medical staff exuberantly belting out lines such as: “Let’s sing, Kim Jong Un the great leader” and “Let’s brag about Kim Jong Un, a friendly father”.

...



# Final tribute to ATA Ariyarathna: Special Transport Plan in Colombo Today

*2024-04-20 13:53:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181517)

Transport police said that a special traffic project will be implemented at Highlight Road, Independence Square and Galle Road in Colombo this afternoon.

The special traffic scheme has been organized as the founder of the Sarvodaya Social Development Social Welfare Program will be paid tribute to the late Dr. A.Ariyarathna's boutique in Independence Square today (20).

SriLangabhimanya AT Ariyaratne passed away at the age of 93 at the age of 93 at a private hospital in Colombo.

...



# Nalini Tirui in Sri Lanka, which is the case in India

*2024-04-20 13:43:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195808)

A Sri Lankan woman who lived in a refugee camp in India has voted for the Indian General Election.

According to Indian media reports, 38-year-old Kanali has become the first to vote for a Indian election.

In April, 1986, Kanali was born in a Sri Lankan refugee camp.

Her parents are Indian origin from Tamil Nadu as refugees from Sri Lankan Sri Lankan refugees.

Nalini's family had previously migrated to Sri Lanka before Sri Lanka.

Accordingly, from 1950 and 1987 from the refugee camp between 1987

The Indian government has decided to give the application to the application of the election.

...



# British woman, Sri Lankan arrested with drugs in Nuwara Eliya

*2024-04-20 13:31:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/British-woman-Sri-Lankan-arrested-with-drugs-in-Nuwara-Eliya/108-281066)

Nuwara Eliya, April 20 (Daily Mirror)- Two individuals including a British woman were arrested while in possession of Kush and hashish drugs at Toppass, Nuwara Eliya, Police said.

The suspects were arrested by the Nuwara Eliya Crime Investigation Bureau after carrying out a search of the van they were travelling in.

The officials recovered 18 grams and 920 milligrams of Kush in possession of the British woman while 2 grams and 600 milligrams of Hashish in the possession of the Sri Lankan driver of the van.

The 28-year-old driver is a resident of Nuwara Eliya and the woman is a 35 year-old from England.



# Woman riding motorcycle dies after handbag gets stuck on lorry

*2024-04-20 13:23:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98740/woman-riding-motorcycle-dies-after-handbag-gets-stuck-on-lorry)

A woman who was traveling on a motorcycle has been killed in an accident that occurred after her handbag was caught on the body of a lorry passing by.

The accident has taken place in the Wathupitiwala area of Nittambuwa last morning (19).

Police said that the woman had fallen down from the motorcycle when her handbag got stuck in the body of the lorry and was killed after being run over by the same vehicle.

The driver of the lorry has been arrested in connection with the accident.



# The story so far nominated about the Passover attack

*2024-04-20 13:15:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195807)

Cyril Gamini, who had not been revealed to the Criminal Investigation Department of the Easter attack, revealed to the media today (20).

The Father had quoted an interview that a former police officer had given to a Yutubube channel.

Cyril Gamini summoned the 'Gnanarti Pradeepati' to obtain statements regarding the Easter attack on the Sunday attack.

Nearly 4 hours, Cyril Gamini went out and left.

Fr.

"First. Two police officers killed and associated with two police officers in Vavuniya on November 30, 2018. "

"Second.. The question used by the IP address that has been used to have a close relationship with Saharan. "

...



# Vehicle importers call for increased space for importing used vehicles

*2024-04-20 13:13:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/top-story/Vehicle-importers-call-for-increased-space-for-importing-used-vehicles/155-281059)

Colombo, April 20 (Daily Mirror) - President of the Vehicle Importers Association of Lanka (VIAL), Indika Sampath Merinchige urged the government to expand the allowance for importing used vehicles alongside new ones.

He emphasized the need to extend the timeframe for importing used vehicles from three years to seven years or beyond.

Merinchige highlighted that importing used vehicles can enable them to offer vehicles at lower prices compared to new ones.

Additionally, he noted that importing vehicles that are seven years of age or older will not affect government tax revenue.



# Vehicle importers call for increased space for importing used vehicles

*2024-04-20 13:13:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Vehicle-importers-call-for-increased-space-for-importing-used-vehicles/108-281059)

Colombo, April 20 (Daily Mirror) - President of the Vehicle Importers Association of Lanka (VIAL), Indika Sampath Merinchige urged the government to expand the allowance for importing used vehicles alongside new ones.

He emphasized the need to extend the timeframe for importing used vehicles from three years to seven years or beyond.

Merinchige highlighted that importing used vehicles can enable them to offer vehicles at lower prices compared to new ones.

Additionally, he noted that importing vehicles that are seven years of age or older will not affect government tax revenue.



# WHO prequalifies new oral simplified vaccine for cholera

*2024-04-20 13:01:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/WHO-prequalifies-new-oral-simplified-vaccine-for-cholera/108-281060)

Geneva, April 20 (WHO) - A new oral vaccine for cholera has received prequalification by the World Health Organization (WHO) on 12 April. The inactivated oral vaccine Euvichol-S has a similar efficacy to existing vaccines but a simplified formulation, allowing opportunities to rapidly increase production capacity.

...



# Attacks on Iraqi camp

*2024-04-20 12:43:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195806)

Three people were killed and 5 others were injured in several air strikes at Iran's support.

Although Iraq accused Israel, Iraq accused Israel, but in the United States say that there is no connection to those attacks.



# Catholic Church has not accepted Easter attacks proposals of NPP or SJB

*2024-04-20 12:41:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Catholic-Church-has-not-accepted-Easter-attacks-proposals-of-NPP-or-SJB/108-281065)

Colombo, April 20 (Daily Mirror)- The Catholic Church has not accepted proposals of the National Peoples Power (NPP) or the Samagi Jana Balawegaya (SJB) over the probes into the Easter Sunday attacks, Member of the Communications Committee of the Archdiocese of Colombo, Fr. Cyril Gamini Fernando said today.

"We have to study the proposals of the SJB and NPP before deciding whether to accept them or not. It is true that the NPP and SJB handed over their proposals to the Archbishop of Colombo Cardinal Malcolm Ranjith, but that does not mean the Church has accepted them," Fr. Fernando said.

...



# Motorcycle accident killed

*2024-04-20 12:17:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195805)

A student was killed in an accident in Panc ලා nsigura road in Rambe-Melshipura.

The accident had occurred when the motorcyclus traded, accidentally collided with a ridiculous vehicle.

The police said that the accident had occurred at night.

The driver has died after admission to the Polpithigama Hospital.

The victim was a 16 year old resident of the Gellanwewa area.

The injured have been transferred to Kurunegala Hospital for further treatment.



# Pakistan influenced Pakistan from inclement weather

*2024-04-20 12:01:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195804)

The number of people died from 87 due to inclement weather affected by Pakistan.

Foreign media reports that floods have occurred to several areas in Pakistan due to heavy rains.

The National Disaster Management Authority (DMC) has said that 82 others were injured in bad weather.

2,715 houses have been partial or full damage, and the high rain can be expected to expect several days.



# Sri Lanka’s Softlogic says restructuring debt, seeking investors for hotels, ODEL

*2024-04-20 12:00:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lankas-softlogic-says-restructuring-debt-seeking-investors-for-hotels-odel-159494/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka’s Softlogic group has begun restructuring its debt and is seeking investors for hotels and ODEL retail project, while also selling off assets, according to its annual report for the year to March 2023.

Softlogic group, which has interests in retail, hotels, finance and healthcare, posted a loss of 24.07 billion rupees for the year to March 2023, up from 8.1 billion a year earlier.

Group revenues including insurance fell to 96.8 billion rupees from 111.2 billion rupees, according to accounts qualified by the auditors.

...



# Man sets himself on fire near courthouse where Trump is on trial

*2024-04-20 11:47:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Man-sets-himself-on-fire-near-courthouse-where-Trump-is-on-trial/108-281064)

April 20 (The New York Times)- A man set himself on fire on Friday afternoon near the Lower Manhattan courthouse where jurors were being chosen for the criminal trial of former President Donald J. Trump.

The man, who had lingered outside the Manhattan Criminal Courthouse earlier this week, doused himself with accelerant at around 1:35 p.m. in Collect Pond Park, across the street from the building. Onlookers screamed and started to run, and soon, bright orange flames engulfed the man. He threw leaflets espousing anti-government conspiracy theories into the air before setting himself on fire.

...



# Woman dies after falling into a lorry

*2024-04-20 11:44:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195803)

The woman was killed after a handplessive of a woman who was traveling on a motorcycle in the Wathupitiwala area in Nittambuwa.

The woman was killed by the lorry, which fell into the lorry with the baratse of the lorry.

The victim was a 54 year old woman in the accident yesterday.



# Defence Ministry’s amnesty excludes officers skipping duty

*2024-04-20 11:24:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Defence-Ministrys-amnesty-excludes-officers-skipping-duty/108-281054)

Colombo, April 20 (Daily Mirror) - The one-month general amnesty period announced by the Defence Ministry today will not be applicable to commissioned officers who do not report for duty without leave.

Accordingly, the general amnesty will be in force till May 20 for members of the armed forces who do not report for duty without leave.

Moreover, the amnesty period is valid only for other ranks of the armed forces who have not reported for duty without leave on or before December 31, 2023.

Those who report during the general amnesty period will be legally dismissed.



# Tunde Onakoya: Nigerian breaks chess marathon record

*2024-04-20 11:24:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Tunde-Onakoya-Nigerian-breaks-chess-marathon-record/108-281063)

(BBC) - Under the beaming lights of New York's iconic Times Square, Nigerian chess master Tunde Onakoya has broken the record for the longest chess marathon.

After playing for 58 consecutive hours he was still at the board.

Onakoya hopes to raise $1m (£805,000) for charity to support chess education for millions of children.

Hundreds of supporters from the city's Nigerian community have shown up to cheer on the chess master, including Nigerian Afrobeats star Davido.

They provided music and energised him with supplies of classic Nigerian dishes, including the beloved national staple, jollof rice.

...



# Man sets himself on fire outside Trump’s Manhattan hush money trial

*2024-04-20 11:16:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98739/man-sets-himself-on-fire-outside-trumps-manhattan-hush-money-trial)

A man has set himself on fire outside the court in Manhattan where former President Donald Trump’s hush-money trial is being held.

The man doused himself in a liquid before throwing conspiracy-theory pamphlets into the air, police said.

Mr Trump was in the building to attend jury selection, where he has had a security detail, but the former president left during the incident.

Emergency officials said that court security had not been breached in the incident. The case, which had just completed alternate jury selection, resumed later in the afternoon. Opening statements are expected to begin on Monday.

...



# Cultural dance event from Kataragam Dewalaya

*2024-04-20 11:02:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/caption-story/Cultural-dance-event-from-Kataragam-Dewalaya/110-281061)

The Ruhunu Maha Kataragam Dewalaya began a cultural dance event "The Rythms of Sri Lanka" for locals and tourists which will be held during every weekend. This event will help provide funds for the Apeksha Cancer Hospital in Maharagama. The event was held at the main entrance of the Dewalaya. Pix Nisal Baduge



# The argument ends with murder

*2024-04-20 10:55:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195802)

Police said that the attack had been carried out by a heated argument between two friends.

The suspect was arrested and the Valachchehena Police are conducting further investigations.



# Foreign Affairs Ministry to open Sri Lanka High Commission in Wellington

*2024-04-20 10:49:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Foreign-Affairs-Ministry-to-open-Sri-Lanka-High-Commission-in-Wellington/108-281058)

Colombo, April 20 (Daily Mirror) - The Foreign Affairs Ministry has decided to open a Sri Lanka High Commission in Wellington, New Zealand.

Currently, Sri Lanka has a Consulate in Wellington and the establishment of this High Commissioner's office will be based on a decision taken by the Cabinet on a proposal presented by Foreign Affairs Minister Ali Sabri, during the first Cabinet meeting for 2024.

The Foreign Affairs Ministry announced that a delegation led by the Director General of the Foreign Assets Management and Development Division will visit New Zealand on April 22 to examine the issue.

...



# Mother gives birth on boat en route to hospital

*2024-04-20 10:48:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Mother-gives-birth-on-boat-en-route-to-hospital/108-281057)

Jaffna, April 20 (Daily Mirror)- An expectant mother who developed labour pains on her way to hospital by boat had delivered the child onboard the ferry near Nagadeepa.

She had been first admitted to the Nagadeepa Base Hospital and on the advice of doctors had been transferred to the Jaffna Teaching Hospital by ferry.

The female passengers had sent all the men onto the upper deck and helped her to deliver the child.

She, with the child was ferried to Kurikadduwan jetty and transported from there to the Jaffna Teaching Hospital.

Doctors said the mother and the infant were getting on well.



# Final rites of Dr. Ariyaratne to be performed this evening

*2024-04-20 10:45:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98738/final-rites-of-dr-ariyaratne-to-be-performed-this-evening)

The final rites of the late Dr. A. T. Ariyaratne, the founder and the President Emeritus of the Sarvodaya Shramadana Movement of Sri Lanka, will be performed today (20) with full state honours.

Sri Lankabhimanya Ahangamage Tudor Ariyaratne passed away on 16 April, at the age of 93. He was receiving treatment at a private hospital in Colombo.

...



# Prince Harry, now calls himself a U.S. resident

*2024-04-20 10:41:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Prince-Harry-now-calls-himself-a-U-S-resident/108-281055)

London, April 20 (Washington Post) - It’s official: Prince Harry, the fifth in line to the British throne, considers himself a U.S. resident.

Documents filed on Wednesday at Companies House, a registry of British company information, show that Harry, using his full name of Prince Henry Charles Albert David Duke of Sussex, has listed the United States as his “New Country/State Usually Resident,” changing his primary residence from the United Kingdom.

...



# British woman arrested with drugs in Nuwara Eliya

*2024-04-20 10:39:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98737/british-woman-arrested-with-drugs-in-nuwara-eliya)

Police have arrested a foreign woman and a local who were in possession of drugs in the Toppass area of Nuwara Eliya.

The officers of Nuwara Eliya Divisional Crimes Unit have seized around 19 grams of Kush cannabis and 03 grams of Hash while inspecting the van in which they travelled, the police said.

Accordingly, a 35-year-old British woman and a 28-year-old resident of Nuwara Eliya area have been arrested along with the seized drugs. The apprehended local person was the driver of the van, according to police.



# Resolution to establish Sri Lankan High Commission in Wellington, New Zealand

*2024-04-20 10:36:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181494)

In this backdrop, the official representatives of the Ministry of Foreign Administration and Development will visit New Zealand on the 22nd of this month to discuss issues on the opening of the Sri Lankan High Commission.

The team will stay in New Zealand until the 25th.

During the visit, the delegation will be held in discussion with New Zealand's Foreign and Commerce Ministry officials and other relevant companies and shareholders.

There is a significant Sri Lankan community with professionals and students in New Zealand.

...



# Gazette declares electricity, fuel services as essential

*2024-04-20 10:20:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Gazette-declares-electricity-fuel-services-as-essential/108-281056)

Colombo, April 20 (Daily Mirror) - An Gazette Extraordinary was issued declaring all services connected to the supply of electricity and or distribution of petroleum products and fuel as essential services from yesterday.

The notification issued by Secretary to the President Saman Ekanayake.



# Genetic link between Lankan tribe and Indians

*2024-04-20 09:59:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Genetic-link-between-Lankan-tribe-and-Indians/108-281053)

(Telegraph India) - Sri Lanka’s Vedda people, long believed to be the island’s earliest human inhabitants, share close genetic bonds with five Indian tribal populations, a new study has found, bolstering evidence for their roots in the Indian subcontinent’s earliest modern human populations.

A team of Indian and Sri Lankan scientists has found that the Vedda share a strong genetic similarity with the Austroasiatic Munda-speaking Santhal and Juang tribes in Odisha and the Dravidian-speaking Irula, Paniya and Pallar found in Karnataka, Kerala and Tamil Nadu.

...



# A person set fire during trial against former president

*2024-04-20 09:55:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195801)

A person has set fire in front of the Manhattan court, who is trial against former President Donald Trump.

Foreign reports stated that he had made this burning of fire.

Police have said that the reason to set fire was obscured.

The fire has been carried out at the time of the JurOR of Donald Trump.

However, the former presidents reported that the former has left the place during this end.

The initial statements of this case will be started on Monday (22).

Foreign reports say that the fire has been hospitalized in critical condition.



# World’s oldest orangutan Bella celebrates 63rd birthday

*2024-04-20 09:39:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Worlds-oldest-orangutan-Bella-celebrates-63rd-birthday/108-281052)

April 20, (Guinness World Records) - Bella, the world’s oldest living orangutan in captivity, celebrated her 63rd birthday this week.

Estimated to have been born in 1961, Bella the Sumatran orangutan (Pongo abelii) was collected from the wild in 1964 and has lived at Hagenbeck Zoo in Hamburg, Germany, ever since.

She was given a birthday cake made of soft-boiled rice and various fruits, which she shared with Berani, one of her adopted children.

The typical lifespan of a wild orangutan is 35-40 years, increasing to around 50 years in captivity.

...



# National woman arrested with drug

*2024-04-20 09:29:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195800)

A foreign national woman and another suspect has been arrested in Tupupas area.

Police said that the officials of the Nuwara Eliya Divisional Criminal Investigation Bureau inspected a van and have found nearly three hush drugs.

The arrested is a 28 year old resident of Nuwara Eliya and 35 year old England.



# The ultimate tiger mum

*2024-04-20 09:22:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/caption-story/The-ultimate-tiger-mum/110-281051)

Tigers, revered apex predators of astounding strength, intelligence and beauty, are the jungle’s most majestic creatures.

But they’re more than just charismatic cats and fearsome hunters – as the phrase ‘tiger mum’ suggests, female tigers are also fiercely maternal, and new Disney+ film Tiger reveals this through an intimate portrait of one family. (Daily Mail)



# China writes off interest-free loans given to Zimbabwe

*2024-04-20 09:17:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98736/china-writes-off-interest-free-loans-given-to-zimbabwe)

China has written off an unspecified amount of Zimbabwe’s interest-free loans and pledged to help the Southern African country find a way out of its debt crisis, even as activists warned of a permanent debt trap.

As of September 2023, Zimbabwe’s publicly guaranteed debt stood at $17.7 billion, of which $12.7 billion was external and $5 billion domestic.

Most of the foreign debt was purchased from China, as the country is ineligible for loans from multilateral creditors such as the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund (IMF) after defaulting on repayments since the turn of the millennium.

...



# Paris Club reassures continued support to debt restructuring Sri Lanka

*2024-04-20 08:55:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/paris-club-reassures-continued-support-to-debt-restructuring-sri-lanka-159487/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Paris Club has assured continued support to debt-crisis hit Sri Lanka to achieve debt sustainability in the island nation, State Finance Minister Shahen Semasinghe said.

Paris Club, the group of major creditor countries aiming to provide a sustainable way to tackle debt problems in debtor countries, has been actively engaging with Sri Lanka in the island nation’s debt restructuring process.

Sri Lanka has declared bankruptcy in April 2022 with sovereign debt default. Since then, President Ranil Wickremesimghe government has been in the process of debt restructuring. However, the process has been slower than expected.

...



# Overcoming Old and New Challenges for an Inclusive Democracy

*2024-04-20 08:54:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/overcoming-old-and-new-challenges-for-an-inclusive-democracy-159490/)

ECONOMYNEXT – A former Chief Election Commissioner, in India, Dr S Y Quraishi would like to see the establishment of a national election fund, through which, political parties would receive financial support based on their performance at an election.

Throughout a 44-day period beginning April 19, India goes to the poll to elect 543 members to its 18th Lok Sabha, the Lower House of Parliament. It is the largest election in the country since 1951-1952 with nearly 970 million eligible to vote.

...



# Asian Human Rights Commission letter to Archbishop and Catholic Bishops Council

*2024-04-20 08:50:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181491)

The Asian Human Rights Commission Archbishop Cardinal Cardinal Cardinal Malcolm Ranjith has appealed to the Catholic Binthroad to look into the steps taken by the Sri Lankan governments, including the current government, to deny the upholder of the life of the life of the life of the life of the Sunday.

In an open letter sent by Archbishop Malcolm Ranjith and Catholic bishops to the Catholic Bishops, Bernando, the Basil Bass of Sri Lanka, the Asian Human Rights Commission, which is based in Hong Kong, said:

...



# Debt restructuring talks: Bondholders fear regime change impact

*2024-04-20 08:38:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Debt-restructuring-talks-Bondholders-fear-regime-change-impact/108-281022)

Colombo, April 20 (Daily Mirror) -  The representatives of bondholders who hold more around 50 percent of Sri Lanka’s outstanding international sovereign bonds (ISB) , during closed door interactions with the representatives of Sri Lankan political parties, have expressed fear whether any debt restructuring agreement will be honored in case of a regime change at the elections pending this year, Daily Mirror learns.

...



# Sri Lanka to establish a High Commission in Wellington, NZ

*2024-04-20 08:36:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98735/sri-lanka-to-establish-a-high-commission-in-wellington-nz)

An official delegation of the Foreign Affairs Ministry will visit New Zealand from 22-25 April to attend to the matters related to the opening of the Sri Lankan High Commission in Wellington.

The delegation will be led by the Director General of the Overseas Assets Management and Development Division of the Foreign Ministry, Pradeepa Saram.

During the visit, the delegation will engage in meetings with officials of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade of New Zealand, and other related agencies and stakeholders.

...



# Bondholders fear regime change impact

*2024-04-20 08:36:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/top-story/Bondholders-fear-regime-change-impact/155-281050)

Colombo, April 20 (Daily Mirror) - The representatives of bondholders who hold around 50 per cent of Sri Lanka’s outstanding international sovereign bonds (ISB), during closed-door interactions with the representatives of Sri Lankan political parties, have expressed fear whether any debt restructuring agreement will be honoured in case of a regime change at the elections pending this year, Daily Mirror learns.

...



# Bondholders fear regime change impact

*2024-04-20 08:36:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Bondholders-fear-regime-change-impact/108-281050)

Colombo, April 20 (Daily Mirror) - The representatives of bondholders who hold around 50 per cent of Sri Lanka’s outstanding international sovereign bonds (ISB), during closed-door interactions with the representatives of Sri Lankan political parties, have expressed fear whether any debt restructuring agreement will be honoured in case of a regime change at the elections pending this year, Daily Mirror learns.

...



# World married queen goes to Thusha 3

*2024-04-20 08:31:37*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/ලෝක-විවාහක-රූ-රැජින-තරගාවලියට-ලංකාවෙන-තුෂාරි-යයි/11-409166)

Ms. Thushara Jayakody left the Katunayake airport for the participation of Sri Lanka for the tournament in the event.

The tournament will be held from the 420/21 of the United States to participate in the participation of 33 countries from 33 countries from 4/25.

Ms. Thushari Jayakody was eligible for the competition of the Sri Lankan couple queen of the Sri Lankan married queen.

Ms. Thushari Jayakody is a mother of three residents of Negombo and she is serving as a maid of the Malaysian airline.

She was told to participate in the tournament at the Katunayake airport, Qatar, Katunayake at the Katunayake airport.



# High Commission of Sri Lanka to New Zealand

*2024-04-20 08:29:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195799)

It has been decided to open a High Commission of Sri Lanka in Wellington, New Zealand.

The Ministry of External Affairs stated that a High Commission in Sri Lanka has been planned to start in Wellington, New Zealand.

The Director General of the Foreign Asset Management and Development Division of the Ministry of External Affairs will visit New Zealand on April 22 to 25th April.

A large number of Sri Lankan professionals and students will continue to facilitate their trade, education, sports, science and health cooperation between trade, education, sports, tourism and health cooperation.



# Ministry of Recruitment to Teacher Service

*2024-04-20 08:27:45*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/සංවර්ධන-නිලධාරීන්-ගුරු-සේවයට-බඳවාගැනීම-ගැන-අමාත්‍යාංශයෙන්-නිවේදනයක්/11-409165)

The Ministry of Education has filed four fundamental rights petitions in the Supreme Court to hold a competitive examination on March 25, 2023 to recruit Development Officers to the Teacher Service.

Accordingly, the event was due to be held on 23 March 23, 2023 before the Supreme Court.

The petitions are still pending in the Supreme Court and the Ministry of Education are expected to be carried out by the Supreme Court's decision.



# Case against Trump

*2024-04-20 08:19:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181489)

The case of former President Donald Trump in the United States has caused a stir in the area where a person is on the sidelines.

A man has tried to set fire to a man outside the court of Manhattan, who is in court case regarding whether Donald Trump has paid him for not informing him of Daniel Daniel.

Police said he poured a liquid on him after throwing leaflets on the plot.

The reason for this is unknown, police said the court's security was violated.

A 37 -year -old man, Maxwell Asarelo, who came from his home in Florida a few weeks ago, tried to set fire to a fire.

...



# Give school children a big gift from the World Food Organization

*2024-04-20 08:07:33*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/පාසල්-සිසුන්ට-ආහාර-දෙන්න-ලෝක-ආහාර-සංවිධානයෙන්-ලොකු-තෑග්ගක්/11-409164)

The World Food Program was released to the enabling rice to be released by the World Food Program for school children who started a nutritional meal for the program of the World Food Program on the instructions of President Ranil Wickremesinghe.

Skipped Rice (Fortified Rice) will be given to school children to reduce iron deficiency among school children and the Director General of the Bulachitectural Secretariat under the Presidential Secretariat.The distribution is conducted by Mr. Rizlan's supervision.

...



# Think about you on the weekend house

*2024-04-20 08:02:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195798)

The Met Department forecasts a temperature should be paid today (20), except 4 districts, except 4 districts.

According to the Nuwara Eliya, Kandy, Matale and Badulla districts, the Deputy Director Merrill Mendis said.



# Evening thundershowers possible in many areas today

*2024-04-20 07:58:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98734/evening-thundershowers-possible-in-many-areas-today)

Showers or thundershowers will occur in parts of the Western, Sabaragamuwa, North-western, Uva and Central provinces and Anuradhapura, Vavuniya, Mannar, Galle and Matara districts after 2.00 p.m. today (20).

Misty conditions are expected at some places in Sabaragamuwa and Central provinces and in Kalutara, Galle and Matara districts during the morning.

The general public is urged to take adequate precautions to minimize damages caused by temporary localized strong winds and lightning during thundershowers.

...



# Notice to unfolding military members who have not reported long

*2024-04-20 07:26:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195797)

Military MPs who have not reported to the long-term leave of Sri Lanka Army have been published in general period from today (20).

The Army said that the public is running out until the 20th of this month to leave the war legally.

Accordingly, this period is the opportunity to associate with the Regiment Center, which is legally.

Army announced that the military identity card, a copy of the National Identity Card or Driving License, a photocopy of the bank book entitled.



# Showers at several places

*2024-04-20 06:28:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195796)

In the Western, Sabaragamuwa, North Western, Uva and Central provinces, in Anuradhapura, Vavuniya, Mannar, Galle and Matara districts. Showers or thundershowers will occur at several places, after 2.00 pm, the Met Department said.

Some locations can last a morning in the Sabaragamuwa and Central provinces and in Kalutara, Galle and Matara districts.

The Department has informed the people to take necessary steps to reduce temporary strong winds and damage to lightning.



# Electric Cables worth Rs.10 million chipped away from train parked at Hikkaduwa

*2024-04-20 06:02:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Electric-Cables-worth-Rs-10-million-chipped-away-from-train-parked-at-Hikkaduwa/108-281023)

In a daring robbery which has stunned authorities, thieves managed to steal electric cables worth over Rs.10 million from a train named ‘Nayana Kumari’ stationed at Hikkaduwa railway station, a top official said.

Deputy Superintendant- Railway Protection Force G.W. Sumith said the incident, had occurred in the early hours of Thursday, targeting the Nayana Kumari express train which had arrived the previous night from Colombo.

...



# SJV Chelvanayakam and the Ilankai Thamil Arasuk Katchi(ITAK)/Federal Party(FP).

*2024-04-20 03:33:00*

[dbsjeyarajcom](https://dbsjeyaraj.com/dbsj/?p=83918)

The  Ilankai  Thamil Arasuk Katchi(ITAK) known in English as the Federal Party will celebrate its 75th Birthday in December this year. The premier political party of the Sri Lankan Tamil people known as “Ilankai Thamizhar”in  their mother tongue was born on 18 December 1949. On that day, a group of sixty Tamils including two parliamentarians and two senators  convened at the Government Clerical Service Union (GCSU) hall in Colombo.

...



# Sri Lankan Tamil becomes first naturalised Indian citizen to vote in general election

*2024-04-20 03:33:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Sri-Lankan-Tamil-becomes-first-naturalised-Indian-citizen-to-vote-in-general-election/108-281070)

Nalini Kirubakaran, a 38-year-old at the rehabilitation camp for Sri Lankan Tamils in Tiruchi, became the first naturalised Indian citizen from the Kottapattu camp to vote in a general election on Friday.

It was a dream come true moment for Nalini on polling day as she would have never expected cameras following her from the refugee camp to the polling booth at MM Middle School, near the airport, where she cast her vote.

“I don’t have words to express my feelings. Voting for the first time, I feel I have come out of my past now,” said Nalini.

...



# Palitha Thevapperuma's Earth Body

*2024-04-20 01:51:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181472)

The body of the late former Minister of State Palitha Thevapperuma was held on Friday at Matugama Yatatolawatte.

The body of Annar was placed in his residence in Matugama Yatatolawatte.

Political leaders paid tribute to Annar's body, including Opposition Leader Sajith Pramedasa, former President Mahinda Rajapaksa, Sri Lanka Tamil National Alliance (TNA) parliamentarian and leader of the Tamil Progressive Alliance, Mano Ganesan.

His body was buried in the grave he produced himself while Palitha Thevarapperuma was still alive.

...



# The mistake made by the People's Liberation Front is still being made today - Minister Manusha Nanayakkara

*2024-04-20 01:44:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181487)

Those who have come to save the country have taken over 60,000 young people's lives. But the Jupitual Liberation Front is still doing the harm done by preventing youth from going to foreign employment, said the Minister of Industry and Foreign Employment, Manusha Nanayakkara.

He was speaking at the first residential training workshop for youth selected for employment opportunities in Israel on Friday (19) in the Umantawa Buddhist Global Global Global Village village.

...



# Sehan Semasinghe - Martin Raiser Meeting

*2024-04-20 00:40:31*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/செஹான்-சேமசிங்க-மார்ட்டின்-ரைசர்-சந்திப்பு/175-336111)

A discussion was held between Martin Raiser and Finance Minister Sehan Semasinghe, the Vice President of the World Bank.

The meeting is part of the Annual Roundtable Conference, headed by the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank in Washington TC.

Redemption and Reforms for Sustainable Growth for all sectors including financial sector and private investment have been discussed at this time.. (A)



# Elderly body recovery

*2024-04-20 00:28:15*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/முதியவர்-சடலமாக-மீட்பு/175-336110)

An elderly man has been found dead in a broadcast garden belonging to the Nuwara Eliya Police Division.

He was recovered in the bathroom in the back of the house last night, police said.



# The beginning of the process of providing food

*2024-04-20 00:19:43*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/உணவுப்-பொருட்கள்-வழங்கும்-பணி-ஆரம்பம்/175-336109)

According to the work of President Ranil Wickremesinghe, the distribution of rice to the schools through the World Food Program for the Posaka Food Project for School Students was inaugurated yesterday at the Veyangoda Food Plant.

The distribution process is being carried out under the supervision of the Director General of the Joint Secretariat for the World Food Program under the Presidential Secretariat, which is aimed at reducing iron deficiency among schoolchildren.

...



# Distribution of fortified rice for school children begins

*2024-04-20 00:14:26*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/Distribution-of-fortified-rice-for-school-children-begins/56-760836)

The distribution of fortified rice, provided by the World Food Program (WFP) on behalf of the program initiated under the instructions of President Ranil Wickremesinghe, to provide a nutritious meal for school students, began yesterday at the Veyangoda warehouse complex.

In an effort to reduce iron deficiency among school children, fortified rice is provided for school meals. This distribution will be conducted under the supervision of Director General M.H.A.M. Riflan, of the Partnership Secretariat for World Food Programme Co-operation (PSWFPC), which operates under the purview of the Presidential Secretariat.

...



# NPP calls on Archbishop of Colombo

*2024-04-20 00:13:56*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/NPP-calls-on-Archbishop-of-Colombo/56-760835)

Members of the National People’s Power (NPP) party met with Archbishop of Colombo Malcolm Cardinal Ranjith this week at his official residence to present the party’s recently issued charter which promises to deliver justice to victims of the Easter Sunday terror attacks under a NPP Government. The NPP delegation included Sunil Watagala, Upul Kumarapperuma, Harshana Nanayakkara, Krishantha Abeysena, Vijith Rohan Fernando, and Aruna Shantha Nonis.



# DP Education sets up free of charge IT Campus in Akurana

*2024-04-20 00:13:18*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/DP-Education-sets-up-free-of-charge-IT-Campus-in-Akurana/56-760834)

SLPP MP and founder of DP Education Dhammika Perera serves kiribath to a Muslim boy at the launch of DP Education IT Campus in Akurana on Thursday. Perera also inaugurated a DP Silicon Valley IT Office, DP Education Smart Class Rooms, a digital pre-school at the Konakalagal Sri Vijitha Maha Viharaya. To date over 130 IT Campuses have been set up by DP Education countrywide providing opportunities to learn software and coding for youth free of charge, as part of Perera’s philanthropic initiative.



# Dr. A.T. Ariyaratne’s final journey today

*2024-04-20 00:12:44*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/Dr-A-T-Ariyaratne-s-final-journey-today/56-760833)

The funeral of the Sarvodaya Shramadana Movement founder Dr. A.T. Ariyaratne with State honours will be held today at 4.00 p.m. at the Independence Square.

His remains will lie at the Sarvodaya Headquarters, Damsak Mandira at 98, Rawatawatta Road, Moratuwa, till 12 noon today before being taken to the Independence square.

Ariyaratne passed away on Tuesday after a brief illness at a private hospital. He was 92 years old at the time of his death.



# The court can go to court against the new bill

*2024-04-20 00:11:10*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/புதிய-சட்டமூலத்திற்கு-எதிராக-நீதிமன்றம்-செல்லலாம்/175-336108)

Minister of Power and Energy Kanjana Wijesekera said that no one can seek court against the new electricity bill.

However, the purpose of the new Electricity Bill is to reduce electricity bills, he said.

Minister Kanjana Wijesekera said that the second of the two methods is to reduce the cost of administrative costs.

To reduce the cost of power supply, it will be replaced by fuel -powered power plants in the future, ”he said.. (A)



# Demonstration for justice for the little girl's death

*2024-04-20 00:07:21*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/சிறுமியின்-மரணத்திற்கு-நீதி-கோரி-ஆர்ப்பாட்டம்/175-336107)

The villagers of Taranikkulam staged a protest yesterday demanding justice for the death of a girl who died in Vavuniya.

The body of a 17 -year -old girl was recovered after she was hanged at home in Taranikkulam village on the 17th.

Villagers and relatives staged a demonstration in front of the girl's house, claiming that the girl's death was suspicious of the death of the girl yesterday.

In addition, the little father was responsible for the death of the girl, who went to the Ichangulam police station in a rally from the house of the girl who died and marched with the police station and crossed the streets.. (A)



# A debate on a debate between Presidential candidates

*2024-04-20 00:00:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/opinion/A-debate-on-a-debate-between-Presidential-candidates/172-281012)

On the other hand, the NPP leaders are very keen on a debate between  their leader and the SJB leader rather than a debate between the  Economic Committees of the two parties, obviously with an air of  self-assurance over the outcome of such a debate.

Although their  contention to justify a showdown between the Presidential candidates of  the two parties seems to be logical, a veiled hesitancy on their part in  meeting the SJB Economic Committee could also be sensed.

...



# Female workers who keep economy running

*2024-04-20 00:00:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/opinion/Female-workers-who-keep-economy-running/172-281011)

In April 2022 our country was declared bankrupt. We were unable to import basic needs such as food, fuel, cooking gas, medicines and other necessities. A sudden ban on the import of petroleum-based fertiliser nearly killed some of our main export crops such as tea, rubber and coconut. Soon shop shelves ran empty. Long queues formed around fuel depots. Amid the turmoil, the executive president fled the country.

A situation of anarchy was eased with the election of President Wickremesinghe to the presidency by Parliament. Wickremesinghe was able to steady the ship and prevent the country from sliding into anarchy.

...

