# #SriLanka :sri_lanka: News Bulletin

<div id="news_lk_bulletin">

*Updated* **2024-03-22 20:02:00**

1. **157 cutting-edge Intensive Care Unit (ICU) beds worth over Rs. 470 million** were donated to the Sri Lankan government by a **Sri Lankan family living in Canada**, facilitated by **Rev. Fr. Darrel Coonghe**, the Director and Founder of **Supuwath Arana in Seeduwa**. The donation ceremony took place at the **Colombo Logistics Terminals (Pvt) Ltd in Welisara** [Daily Mirror].

2. **Sri Lanka Navy apprehended 32 Indian fishermen along with 05 trawlers** for poaching in Sri Lankan waters off **Talaimannar and near the Delft Island** during separate operations conducted on **Wednesday night** [Adaderana].

3. **The Ports, Shipping, and Aviation Ministry** plans to convert the **ships, ports, and total maritime industry to zero emissions** in the future, aiming for the use of **ammonia, hydrogen, and green energy** [Daily Mirror].

4. **The International Monetary Fund (IMF)** has successfully completed the second review of a financial facility implemented by Sri Lanka, enabling Sri Lanka to receive **US $ 337 million** as the third loan installment [Ada].

5. **The Ministry of Transport** has directed the implementation of a **Special Public Transport Program from April 5 to 15** in view of the **Sinhala -Tamil New Year and Ramadan festival**, ensuring bus services will be held from the **Colombo Central Bus Stand and the Bestian Mawatha Private Bus Station** to the villagers from Colombo [Tamil Mirror].

6. **A 15-year-old girl** was reported missing in **Saliyawewa Siriyawewa**, and upon investigation, it was revealed that she had been sexually abused by a **28-year-old youth** and three other persons living in the area on several occasions since 2021 [Adaderana Sinhala].

7. **India’s Congress party** has accused Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s government of stifling democracy by freezing its bank accounts in a tax dispute ahead of the general election, with former Congress chief **Rahul Gandhi** stating the party is unable to campaign properly due to the frozen accounts [Daily Mirror].

8. **SriLankan Airlines Flight UL 470**, scheduled for **Incheon, South Korea**, faced an unexpected delay on **March 19** due to a technical issue, affecting 217 passengers. The airline ensured the comfort and convenience of all passengers on board [Daily Mirror].

9. **All performance items, including dance elements presented during the annual Esala Perahera festival** by the Sri Dalada Maligawa and the Satara Maha Devalayas, are under discussions to be gazetted to prevent future distortions [Daily Mirror].

10. **The salary of public servants in Sri Lanka** will be increased by **Rs. 10,000** within the **Tamil Sinhala New Year** this year, as announced by the President [Tamil Mirror].

</div>

[Previous](data) Bulletins

## Methodology

This bulletin has been autogenerated by OpenAI's [gpt-4-0125-preview](https://platform.openai.com/docs/models/gpt-4-and-gpt-4-turbo) model, with the following prompt:

*Extract objective facts from this set of news articles, that might be of practical use to ordinary Sri Lankans,and present as 10 detailed bullets. EXCLUDE news not directly relevant to Sri Lanka. DO NOT duplicate repeat news articles. EXCLUDE political opinions/statements by politicians. EXCLUDE marketing/propaganda. DO mention the name of the source, as "[newspaper]". EMPHASIZE named entities and statistics in bold.*

## Source News

Based on **186** News Articles, from the last **24** hours.

# What if a girl holds a sexual relationship?

*2024-03-22 19:27:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194826)

A large number of parties between the ages of 14 and 16 have a sexual relationship with a person under the age of 22 with a person under the age of 22 years have to be taken away immediately.

A bill to amend the 19th chapter of the Penali Code was announced on February 13.

The law of Dr. Wijayadasa Rajapaksa, Minister of Justice and the Constitutional Reforms Minister Dr. Wijayadasa Rajapakse was announced by 363 and 364 of the Penal Code.

According to the proposed amendment, a girl between the ages of 14 and 16 have proposed to ease the punishment if they have a child with a person under 22 years old.

...



# Uganda’s president appoints son as military chief

*2024-03-22 18:56:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Ugandas-president-appoints-son-as-military-chief/108-279411)

KAMPALA, March 22 (Reuters) - Uganda's President Yoweri Museveni has appointed his son, Muhoozi Kainerugaba, as head of the military, the defence ministry said on Friday.

Muhoozi Kainerugaba, 48, a general in the military, is widely seen as his father's successor in waiting and once stirred controversy by threatening to invade neighbouring Kenya. The ministry said in a statement he replaces Wilson Mbasu Mbadi, who was removed and appointed as a junior minister.

In 2022, Museveni removed his son as commander of Uganda's land forces after he made threats to invade neighbouring Kenya in posts on social media platform X.

...



# 90 missiles to Ukraine at night

*2024-03-22 18:40:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194825)

The loss of electricity in Ukraine has taken place due to the loss of mantu station targeting electricity systems.

The city of Barketiv, the second largest city of the country, has only 15 attacks on the city.

The Minister of Energy Minister Germany had expressed his views that Russia is trying to break the power system in his country.

In the last night Russia, the Ukraine President Wallodimir Celenceky has stated that 90 dictatorship has been launched by Ukraine.



# Maithripala claims to be aware of real culprits behind Easter attacks

*2024-03-22 18:22:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Maithripala-claims-to-be-aware-of-real-culprits-behind-Easter-attacks/108-279410)

Colombo, March 22 (Daily Mirror) - Former President Maithripala Sirisena today disclosed that he is well aware of the true perpetrators behind the Easter Sunday bombings in 2019.

"The suspects who are currently in remand custody in connection with the attacks are minor offenders. The real culprits are still at large. However, I am ready to shed light on the perpetrators of the Easter Sunday attacks and make a special statement if I am summoned to court," he stated.

"I have been keeping this information under wraps, and therefore, it is imperative for the judges also to keep a lid on it,” he added.



# AG will not represent ex-Health Minister Keheliya, court told

*2024-03-22 18:03:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98132/ag-will-not-represent-ex-health-minister-keheliya-court-told)

The Attorney General has informed the Supreme Court that he would not represent former Minister of Health Keheliya Rambukwella and several other respondents named in a Fundamental Rights (FR) petition.

The petition seeks a ruling determining that fundamental human rights have been violated through the decision taken to purchase medicines from two unregistered Indian companies under the Indian credit line.

Appearing on behalf of the Attorney General, the Deputy Solicitor General communicated the decision to the court when the relevant petition was taken up for consideration today (March 22).

...



# Kaminda and Dananjaya leave Sri Lanka

*2024-03-22 17:53:49*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/sports/කමිඳු-හා-ධනංජය-ලංකාව-ඉදිරියෙන්-තබති/9-408761)

Sri Lanka won the first Test of the first Test with the Host Bangladesh.

Sri Lanka bowled out for 280 runs first. Sri Lanka's innings took 259 runs for 259 runs in the Sri Lankan wicket with excellent with the sixth wicket of 202 runs for the sixth wicket.

Afterwards, the Komindu Mendis was then burned in 259 and the other 4 wickets were killed in 21 runs.

In reply, Bangladesh team raises 32 wickets when they finish the match for the first day.



# Seamers put Sri Lanka in control as Bangladesh chase 280

*2024-03-22 17:38:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Seamers-put-Sri-Lanka-in-control-as-Bangladesh-chase-280/108-279409)

Sylhet, Mar. 22 (AFP) - Dhananjaya de Silva and Kamindu Mendis both hit knocks of 102 to help Sri Lanka post 280 in their first innings before their seamers rattled Bangladesh on the opening day of the first Test in Sylhet on Friday.

Bangladesh finished the day 32-3, trailing Sri Lanka by 248 runs, with Vishwa Fernando and Kasun Rajitha striking early in the innings for the visitors.

Fernando trapped opener Zakir Hasan (nine) and Najmul Hossain (five) lbw with identical in-swinging deliveries, while Rajitha got Mominul Haque caught for five.

...



# Know who did the Passover attack

*2024-03-22 17:24:37*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/පාස්කු-ප්‍රහාරය-කළේ-කවුද-කියලා-දන්නවා/11-408760)

Former President Maithripala Sirisena says that if the court ordered the Passover attack is a secret statement.

He was speaking to the publication of media reports today (22), however the chief guest at the opening of the new mansion of the amendment of the Historical Temple Vihara Jayamana Viharaya.

"I've been governments for less than five and a half years, without the opposition. The 19th Amendment left my powers. I willingly gave them. But I didn't think they use them wrongly. As a result, both the government and the opposition began attacking me.

...



# Four persons arrested for interruption with media discussion

*2024-03-22 17:11:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194824)

Four external people have been arrested by the police who interfered with a foreign union discussion held at the Public Library Auditorium in Colombo.

The unions discussed by the Sri Lanka Administrative Service Association organized the media discussion.

During the press conference, a group of people outside the press conference interrupted the press conference.

The hurdles were present at the area and they were chased into the arrest of four of them.



# Resurrection Sundays - Maithri says the truth is ready

*2024-03-22 17:08:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179446)

Former President Maithripala Sirisena has said that he knows the details of those who carried out the lifeblood.

The former president said he was ready to release the truth if the court ordered other requests.

No one has released the details of the real masterminds of the lifeblood of the lifeblood, ”he said.

However, he said the judges should be tightened by the confidentiality of these issues.



# To benefit first day

*2024-03-22 17:07:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194823)

Sri Lanka won the first day of the first Test match between Sri Lanka and Bangladesh.

The host Bangladesh was able to win the coin of the match in Selete.

Accordingly, they invited the Sri Lankan team to bat first.

Sri Lanka scored 280 runs for their first innings.

Leader Dhananjaya de Silva and Kamindu Mendis scored 102 runs for Sri Lanka.

Bangladesh team scored 32 runs for the loss of 3 wickets for their first innings.



# Heavy rainfall above 75mm expected across multiple provinces

*2024-03-22 17:06:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Heavy-rainfall-above-75mm-expected-across-multiple-provinces/108-279407)

Colombo, March 22 (Daily Mirror) - Residents across the Western, Sabaragamuwa, Central and North-Western Provinces are urged to brace for heavy showers above 75mm during next 36 hours.According to meteorological reports, these regions are likely to experience fairly heavy downpours.

In addition to these areas, intermittent showers or thundershowers are predicted for Eastern and Uva provinces, as well as the Hambanthota district.

Meanwhile, residents in North-central and Northern provinces should anticipate several spells of showers throughout the day.

...



# Lunar eclipse that comes after 100 years

*2024-03-22 16:56:25*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/100-ஆண்டுகளுக்குப்-பிறகு-வரும்-சந்திர-கிரகணம்/175-335023)

The first lunar eclipse of 2024 will take place on March 25 in four days.

Panguni Uthram is the day of this day, and the same day the Holi festival is celebrated. So this lunar eclipse occurs 100 years later.

According to Vedic astrology, the eclipse of the lunar eclipse on the day of the Holi festival after 100 years is seen as a very important event.

The eclipse will begin at 10.23 am and last till 03.02 pm. Earlier this lunar eclipse occurred in 1924. The first lunar eclipse of this year will be the Benumbi eclipse, which lasts about 4 hours.

...



# 234 acres of land in Jaffna

*2024-03-22 16:52:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179429)

Yall. President Ranil Wickremesinghe has been handed over to the farmers for cultivation on Thursday (22).

Under the Urumaya National Program to issue 2 million land guarantees, 408 land guarantees were held at the Jaffna camel, headed by President Ranil Wickremesinghe.



# Prabhu Deva's 'Muzasi' movie

*2024-03-22 16:48:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179378)

The song 'Starlite ..' from the upcoming movie 'Musasi' starring Prabhu Deva has been released.

Prabhu Deva, VTV Ganesh, John Vijay, Master Mahendran, Binu Pappu, Lyona Leisai, directed by debutant director Sham Rodrigue.

Leander Lee Marty has composed the film, which has been recorded by Vignesh Vasu. The film is being produced by Joy Film Box Entertainment, produced by John Brito, which is being prepared in Exan Entertainer Janer.

The song 'Sterlite Clampu Clampu ..' featured in the film has been released.

...



# Met. Dept. forecasts rainfall of above 75mm for next 36 hours

*2024-03-22 16:30:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98131/met-dept-forecasts-rainfall-of-above-75mm-for-next-36-hours)

The Department of Meteorology says showers or thundershowers are possible at times in the Eastern and Uva provinces and Hambantota District over the next 36 hours.

Several spells of showers may occur in North-central and Northern provinces. Showers or thundershowers will occur at several places elsewhere on the island in the afternoon or at night.

Meanwhile, fairly heavy showers of above 75mm are likely at some places in Western, Sabaragamuwa, Central and North-western Provinces.

Misty conditions can be expected at some places in the Central, Sabaragamuwa and Uva provinces and Galle and Matara districts in the morning.

...



# 10 more underworld figures arrested within 24-hours

*2024-03-22 16:28:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98130/10-more-underworld-figures-arrested-within-24-hours)

Police have arrested 10 more members of organized criminal gangs within a 24-hour window, under the operation launched earlier this week to curb the underworld.

The arrested suspects include 02 members of the gang led by notorious criminal “Kudu Anju”, 02 associates of “Dematagoda Chaminda”, one member of “Kanjipani Imran’s” syndicate and a member of the criminal gang of “Kosgoda Sujee”.

Accordingly, a total of 27 suspects have been arrested in the 03 days since the start of the anti-underworld operation, the police said.



# Heavy rains in catchment areas

*2024-03-22 16:27:42*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/ජල-පෝෂක-ප්‍රදේශවලට-තද-වැසි/11-408759)

Heavy rains demonstrated in the main catchment areas of the Castlerero (22) after the end of nearly two months.

Similarly rain fell in Boydansa, Hatton, Dickoya and Norwood. There was a severe drinking water due to the heavy dry weather.



# Red light to those on the temporary basis in Canada

*2024-03-22 16:27:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194822)

International media reports that Canada has decided to reduce the crowds living in their country on a temporary basis.

Also, the government of Canada is temporarily restricted to limit the history of Canada for the first time in history.

Investigation Minister Mark Miller, Canada, has said that the number of immigrants will be reduced in the three years and its first limitation is launched in September.

They have decided that this decision is said to have a housing deficit and relieve the problems in providing essential services.

...



# Sri Lanka announces women’s cricket squad for South Africa tour

*2024-03-22 16:24:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Sri-Lanka-announces-womens-cricket-squad-for-South-Africa-tour/108-279406)

Mar. 22 (SLC) - The Cricket Selection Committee selected the following 17 member national women’s squad to tour South Africa.

The Honorable Minister of Sports and Youth Affairs, Harin Fernando, approved the squad.

The team will leave for South Africa on March 23 and play three T20Is and three ODIs with the South African Women’s National Team. The ODI series is part of the ICC Women’s Championship.



# Minister Douglas pledged food avoidance struggle to abandon!

*2024-03-22 16:17:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179438)

The four -day food skipper, demanding the stopping of Indian fishermen, was abandoned by Minister Douglas Devananda's pledge.

Fishermen from the Jaffna district started a four -warfed protest campaign near the Indian Embassy in Jaffna last Tuesday.

Minister Douglas Devananda, who visited the fourth day of the protest today, spoke to the Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu and Pondicherry on the control of the Indian transgressors.

The Chief Minister of Pondicherry has made a written pledge to prevent fishermen crossing the border.

...



# I really know who did the Passover attack ...- Maithri

*2024-03-22 16:15:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194821)

Former Presidentials MP Maithripala Sirisena says he is ready to reveal information about the Passover attack and all those responsible for the Passover attack and all those responsible if they are ordered.

He was the chief guest at the opening of the new mansion of the historical temple of the King of the Asgiriya Maha Vihara.

...



# Navy apprehends 32 more Indian fishermen poaching in Sri Lankan waters

*2024-03-22 16:03:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98129/navy-apprehends-32-more-indian-fishermen-poaching-in-sri-lankan-waters)

The Sri Lanka Navy has apprehended 32 Indian fishermen along with 05 trawlers poaching in Sri Lankan waters off Talaimannar and near the Delft Island in two separate operations conducted on Wednesday night.

The Navy continues to conduct regular patrols and operations in Sri Lankan waters to curb illegal fishing practices of foreign fishing trawlers, taking into account the impact of those practices on the livelihood of local fishermen.

...



# Attorney General informs court that Keheliya does not appear to appear

*2024-03-22 15:41:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194820)

The Attorney General is not speaking to several respondents, including the MP Keheliya Rambukwella, who has been named as respondents who have been demanding the decision to purchase the basic human rights.22) The Supreme Court was informed.

The General Selicini appearing on behalf of the Attorney General was made informed on behalf of the Attorney General at the time of this petition.

The court also decided to postpone the petition.



# JVP, LTTE instrumental for economic crisis: S.M. Chandrasena

*2024-03-22 15:38:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/JVP-LTTE-instrumental-for-economic-crisis-S-M-Chandrasena/108-279403)

Colombo, March 22 (Daily Mirror)- The actions of the Janatha Vimukthi Peramuna (JVP) and the LTTE were the main instrumental factors for the current economic crisis, former Minister S.M. Chandrasena said.

He told reporters that if the destruction of property and lives caused by the JVP and the LTTE was evaluated, it would be clear that their actions must have led to the crisis situation the country was facing today.

He said the JVP is now trying to show the country that they are good people by pointing fingers at others for the bankruptcy.



# Special holidays for Hatton Zonal Schools

*2024-03-22 15:27:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179439)

The Governor of the Central Province, WMM Madagapola, has confirmed that a special holiday will be granted to Hatton Zonal Tamil schools on Monday (25).

Hatton Sri Manikapillaiar Temple Maha Kumbabisheka has been given this holiday in front of the great festival.

For this purpose, it has been decided to carry out educational activities on 06.04.2024.



# A massive strike on early April?

*2024-03-22 15:17:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194819)

The Government Executive Unions have decided to implement an awesome committee of the Government Executive Testing in the first week of April due to the government's reputation by the Government.

The decision was taken after a discussion with the University of Examinations of the Department of Examinations today (22).

They will be demanding the government to demand the government to make the necessary reforms in consultation by considering the cost of the cost of the cost of the cost of living and the arbitrary decisions made by the State Commission.

...



# Women Parliamentarians’ Caucus expresses concern on reducing consent age for sex

*2024-03-22 15:10:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Women-Parliamentarians-Caucus-expresses-concern-on-reducing-consent-age-for-sex/108-279401)

Parliament, March 22 (Daily Mirror)- The Women Parliamentarians’ Caucus has requested Justice Minister Wijeyadasa Rajapakshe to take steps to withdraw the bill gazetted to amend Chapter 19 of the Penal Code which seeks to reduce the consent age for sex to 14.

"According to the amendments made to the Penal Code in 1995, even if a girl under 16 years of age has sexual relations of her own free will, it is considered rape and the proposed amendment to the Penal Code by the Minister of Justice will lower the age limit to 14 years," the Caucus said.

...



# Super Century from Dhananjaya

*2024-03-22 15:09:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194818)

The first Test between Sri Lanka and Bangladesh is currently in Syllen in Bangladesh.

Leader Dhananjaya de Silva, who played a supernives for Sri Lanka, scored his 11th Test century.

The Bangladesh team won the toss and invited Sri Lanka to bat first.

Bangladesh bowlers were taken to take over Sri Lankan team to 57 runs.

Kummindu Mendis and Leader Dhananjaya de Silva took the innings in Sri Lanka.



# Shezanti opposes sex for 14 years

*2024-03-22 15:08:58*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/අවුරුදු-14-ලිංගික-හැසිරීමට-සුදර්ශනිී-විරුද්ධ-වෙයි/11-408758)

Amendments to the amendments to be suspended in Chapter 19

The Parliament of Sri Lanka Parliamentarian for the forum of February 9, 2024, request to the Survey and Constitutional Reforms Minister Wijedasa Rajapakse to discontinue the Chapter 19 of the Penal Code.

According to the amendments to the Penali Code in 1995, despite the amendment of less than 16 years, it will be brought under a rape and will be brought under a rape.

As a chairman of the Parliament Members of Parliament, President (Dr.) is informed of Sudhashani Fernandopulle.



# Hot Weather: New Guidelines for Marathon Running

*2024-03-22 15:05:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179419)

The Department of Sports Development has issued a new circular on guidelines to be followed in the Marathon and long -range competitions for the public and the public.

It is mandatory for all athletes to participate in Marathon and long distance race.

Athletes who are involved in the Marathon race should be presented with the medical report and the ECG report to the doctor.

The move has been taken into consideration of the unfortunate deaths of athletes recently recorded due to the hot weather in the country.



# Kaminda's wedding test century

*2024-03-22 15:04:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194817)

The first Test between Sri Lanka and Bangladesh is currently in Syllen in Bangladesh.

Kamindu Mendis recorded his wedding tests century.



# Canada to reduce number of temporary residents; first cap set in Sept.

*2024-03-22 14:50:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98128/canada-to-reduce-number-of-temporary-residents-first-cap-set-in-sept)

Canada is planning to set limits on the number of temporary residents it lets in for the first time in its history.

Immigration minister Marc Miller said on Thursday that the number will be reduced over the next three years, with the first cap to be set in September.

It will apply to international students, as well as foreign workers and asylum claimants.

The minister has previously spoken about revising immigration targets due to an affordability and housing crisis.

In his announcement, Mr Miller said that Canada plans to reduce the number of temporary residents to 5% of the population, down from the current 6.2%.

...



# Gaza cease

*2024-03-22 14:39:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179434)

The United Nations on the US -sponsored proposal to emphasize the implementation of the ceasefire in Gaza. A referendum will be held today at the Security Council.

The US has already prevented the US to use its veto authority to pass a resolution to urge the ceasefire between Israel and Hamas in Gaza.

At this juncture, efforts are being made to pass a resolution at the UN Security Council, urging an immediate ceasefire in Gaza.

US Secretary of State Antony Blinkan, who has visited the Middle East, has traveled from Egypt to Israel today.

Blinkan will hold talks with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on a ceasefire.



# 234 acres of land in Jaffna released to farmers under ‘Urumaya’ program

*2024-03-22 14:31:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98127/234-acres-of-land-in-jaffna-released-to-farmers-under-urumaya-program)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe on Friday (March 22) released as many as 234 acres of land, previously held by the Jaffna Security Forces Headquarters, to farmers in the area.

These plots of land were released to farmers across five Grama Niladhari Divisions in Jaffna for cultivation purposes, the President’s Media Division (PMD) said.

Under the Urumaya national program, aimed at distributing 2 million freehold deeds to the deserving public, President Ranil Wickremesinghe symbolically presented the deeds, benefiting a total of 408 individuals at a ceremony held in Oddakapulam, Jaffna.



# In the IMF proposals, a special program should be presented for upstart plantation workers - Velu Kumar

*2024-03-22 14:31:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179432)

In the proposals of the International Monetary Fund, Kandy District Parliamentarian Velu Kumar presented to representatives of the IMF in order to make a special program for upland plantation workers.

Representatives of the International Monetary Fund of Sri Lanka met with the United People's Power Alliance at the Parliamentary Complex. The discussion was chaired by opposition leader Sajith Premadasa. During this time, members of the United People's Power Economic Advisory Committee were present.

...



# President decides about land in the North under the security forces

*2024-03-22 14:20:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194816)

234 acres of land under the Security Forces headquarters have been released.

The land had been released while President Ranil Wickremesinghe visited the North.

The Presidential Media Unit said the land belonging to five Grama Niladhari Divisions in Jaffna has been released.

President Ranil Wickremesinghe was presented in the Ottagapulam area under the patronage of the "Heritage" National Program to provide two million land deeds to the people.



# The man who had been living in a pig kidney

*2024-03-22 14:20:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194815)

A Sri Lankan team has successfully transplanted a genetic-modified pigs successfully transplant a success of a 62-year-old person.

The doctors said that a genetic modified pigs had obtained a kidney to avoiding complications that could be avoided after the organ transplant.

The medical team said that Rick Slamon was a real hero with that particular constipation, he said he was preparing to leave the hospital.

It is said that this is the purpose of using animal shelter to the needs of people in the future.

The brain deceased has been transplanted for experiments before the deceased.

...



# The whole of Sri Lanka burns

*2024-03-22 14:19:55*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/இலங்கை-முழுதும்-எரிகின்றது/175-335021)

The Department of Meteorology said the temperature increased by one or two degrees Celsius these days than the rest of the year.

Deputy Director of the Department of Meteorology, Maril Mendis, said the situation is seen across the country.

He added that the heat is high in March and April every year and the situation will remain until the end of April.

The department also said that the temperature has risen abnormally at this time. Remble



# Kedella Construction Expo launched...

*2024-03-22 14:14:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/caption-story/Kedella-Construction-Expo-launched/110-279400)

Kedella Construction Expo, the premier build and architecture tradeshow 2024, was launched at the Bandaranaike Memorial International Conference Hall (BMICH) while making a dream home a reality. During the exhibition, people can buy tiles, solar systems, construction equipment, electrical products and furniture at great discounts. The exhibition will be held till Sunday 24, between 10 a.m. and 9 p.m. Pix by Kithsiri de Mel



# Premier build, architecture tradeshow launched

*2024-03-22 14:14:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/caption-story/Premier-build-architecture-tradeshow-launched/110-279400)

Kedella Construction Expo, the premier build and architecture tradeshow 2024, was launched at the Bandaranaike Memorial International Conference Hall (BMICH) while making a dream home a reality. During the exhibition, people can buy tiles, solar systems, construction equipment, electrical products and furniture at great discounts. The exhibition will be held till Sunday 24, between 10 a.m. and 9 p.m. Pix by Kithsiri de Mel



# Rabies spread in heat: Hinting at potential animal culling plan?

*2024-03-22 14:12:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Rabies-spread-in-heat-Hinting-at-potential-animal-culling-plan/108-279393)

Colombo, March 22 (Daily Mirror) - While condemning the statement made by the Veterinary Medical Officers’ Association over the imminent danger of rabies spreading due to the intense heat, advisor to the board of the Association of Veterinarians for Humane Management of Animal Population, Dr. Chamith Nanayakkara, said that it might be a pre-plan to kill those animals.

He said that he never found dead dogs because of the high heat.

"For example, the temperature in Mannar is extremely high, and we never found dead animals due to the high heat.

...



# Tomorrow Tomorrow Tomorrow Tomorrow Tomorrow

*2024-03-22 14:11:57*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/කුඩයක්-අරන්-යන්න-හෙට-තද-වැසි/11-408757)

The demeanon of the weather has been informed that the rain will be given to many parts of the island tomorrow (2024 .03.03.3).

Showers or thundershowers will occur at several places in the Hambantota district and in the Hambantota district.

Thundershowers will develop at several places in the evening or night during the evening or night.

Some places in the Western, Sabaragamuwa, Central and North Western Provinces. Mee. Heavy rains can occur at more than 75.

Some locations in some places in the Central, Sabaragamuwa and Uva provinces and in the Galle and Matara districts are expected to be met.



# The affair with students involved in neighboring schools;Trial

*2024-03-22 14:04:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179426)

Investigations are being carried out by the Jaffna Kalvi Zone against the famous school principal in Jaffna.

A recent cricket match was held between the school and a school in Colombo.

In the competition, the students enthusiastically play the streets of Bond. During that time, the women in the neighborhood were also celebrating in front of schools.

The Chancellor of the school has received information on this and taken action against the students who have been identified in such celebrations, taking action against the students and taking their parents to school and going to neighboring schools with their children.

...



# Japanese envoy commends Sri Lanka’s anti-corruption initiatives, assures support

*2024-03-22 13:58:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98126/japanese-envoy-commends-sri-lankas-anti-corruption-initiatives-assures-support)

The Japanese Ambassador to Sri Lanka, Mizukoshi Hideaki has expressed Japan’s support for the current program aimed at rebuilding the Sri Lankan economy.

Drawing parallels between Japan’s historical journey and Sri Lanka’s current economic challenges, the Ambassador highlighted Japan’s resilience and economic resurgence as a model for Sri Lanka.

These remarks were made during his keynote address at a panel discussion on “Economic Development and Modernization with Lessons from Japan,” chaired by President Ranil Wickremesinghe at the Granbell Hotel in Colombo on Thursday (March 21), organized by the “Geopolitical Cartographer”.

...



# Working despite hot weather...

*2024-03-22 13:51:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/caption-story/Working-despite-hot-weather/110-279399)

People in urban areas of Colombo engage in their work during daytime despite the hot weather. Some labourers at their workplace in Colombo today during the hot weather conditions. Pix by Pradeep Pathirana



# The police say 10 in the heathel has been arrested

*2024-03-22 13:50:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194814)

Police have arrested 10 underworld members in the Underworld repression operation.

Accordingly, 27 suspects have been arrested in the past 3 days of the underworld repression.



# Increase public, private sector salaries...

*2024-03-22 13:47:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/caption-story/Increase-public-private-sector-salaries/110-279398)

Five persons from the People's Struggle Movement staged a protest in front of the Central Bank today demanding an increase in public and private sector salaries compared to the Central Bank salary increase. A large number of security personnel were deployed in the area, though only five persons participated in the protest. Pix by Pradeep Pathirana.



# General elections must be held first to maintain fairness: MR

*2024-03-22 13:25:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/General-elections-must-be-held-first-to-maintain-fairness-MR/108-279396)

Colombo, March 12 (Daily Mirror) - Leader of the Sri Lanka Podujana Peramuna (SLPP), Mahinda Rajapaksa, said that a general election should be held first and then the presidential election to maintain a fair process in the country.

Addressing the media, Rajapaksa said that Basil Rajapaksa had conveyed this proposal to President Ranil Wickremesinghe on behalf of the SLPP when Basil met the President recently.

Mahinda Rajapaksa also maintained that if this proposal is not followed, whichever party wins the presidential election will have a massive victory in the parliamentary election, which is not good for the country.

...



# The selling car come and plundered

*2024-03-22 13:19:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194813)

A suspect who had taken a car belonging to Horana software engineer has been arrested in Wadduwa in Wadduwa 4 days later.

The suspect and the robber car could be found following the investigation of over 20 cCTV cameras.

The software engineer had expressed an ad on the Internet to sell a car worth Rs. 33 lakhs.

Accordingly, the two sides have agreed to check the vehicle on the 17th and the man has marched and arrived in Horana.

The man was later raided the car with a software enginewilamaya with the architecture engineer of the vehicle.

...



# Events of Heroes in the North - East

*2024-03-22 13:17:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179420)

The Attorney General has announced to the Court of Appeal that he is expecting to submit a full investigation report on the events of the heroes in the Northern and Eastern Provinces in memory of the dead LTTE members.

Senior Government Attorney Shaminda Wickrama, who appeared on behalf of him, said that the writ petition filed by former Army Intelligence Officer Ananda Jayamanam demanding the implementation of the Act against the Heroes Day was taken up yesterday (21).

Subsequently, a panel of judges of the Court of Appeal ordered the State Prosecutor to submit the appropriate trial report to the court.



# New organizer for Jaffna does not choose - President Ranil

*2024-03-22 13:07:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179416)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe has said that the United National Party (UNP) has not yet officially elected a new organizer for the Jaffna district.. The President was responding to a question raised by members of the UNP executive committee.

The United National Party's restructuring activities are being carried out nationwide. However, he said that no official decisions have been made regarding these restructuring.

Meanwhile, the President said that even Anganan Ramanathan would be on his visit to Jaffna and that if there were opposition before the official appointments were made, they would be considered.



# 5 lakhs per $ 5

*2024-03-22 12:58:07*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/T-56-කට-රුපියල්-ලක්ෂ-5ක්/11-408756)

A special operation has been operated by the police from 19.03.2013, among the operations to arrest poisonous drug traffickers.. This is a special in the Western Province and Galle District. The IGP has decided to provide valuable cash prizes for the information provided by firearms and organized criminals.

46 Special Telephone No. 46 has been appointed to provide information to the commands. In addition, the police have the ability to provide information to another type of information.

The Sri Lanka Police have informed private spies as mentioned above.



# Basil proposed to be the best job - Mahinda

*2024-03-22 12:57:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194812)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe and the founder of the Sri Lanka General Wickremesinghe have held a discussion yesterday (21).

Basil Rajapaksa has informed the President regarding the vicinity of the Sri Lanka Civil Appointment.

It is said that Basil Rajapaksa has informed the President to the President of the Sri Lanka Knowledge and General Election.

The meeting had taken place in a setting up to the Cabinet meeting held at the Cabinet meeting held first to prepare for the presidential election.

However, it has been decided to discuss any further agreement with the two parties.

...



# AG to provide full investigation report on ‘Mahaviru Day’ celebrations held so far

*2024-03-22 12:48:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98125/ag-to-provide-full-investigation-report-on-mahaviru-day-celebrations-held-so-far)

The Attorney General has informed the Court of Appeal that it expects to submit a comprehensive investigation report on all ‘Mahaviru Day’ celebrations held to date, commemorating the cadres of the now-defunct separatist group Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam’s (LTTE) in the Northern and Eastern provinces.

Appearing on behalf of the Attorney General, Senior State Counsel Shaminda Wickrema communicated this to the court when a writ petition filed by Ananda Jayamanna, a former officer of Sri Lanka Army Intelligence Unit, seeking legal action against and prohibition of ‘Mahaviru Day’ celebrations, was taken up on Thursday (22).

...



# Investigation: Investigate against Chancellor

*2024-03-22 12:43:40*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/யாழ்ப்பாணம்/சிரமதான-விவகாரம்-அதிபருக்கு-எதிராக-விசாரணை/71-335018)

A recent cricket tournament was held between the school and a school in Colombo.

In the competition, the students enthusiastically play the streets of Bond. During that time, the women in the neighborhood were also celebrating in front of schools.

The Principal of the school has received information in this regard and has taken action against the students who have been identified in such celebrations, taking action to take their parents to school and go to foreign schools with their children and engage in difficult tasks.

...



# Death in a vehicle accident

*2024-03-22 12:43:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179399)

A man dies after colliding with a vehicle traveling from Biyagama to Bandarawatte on Biyagama - Bandarawatte road. The incident took place on the Bandarawatte road belonging to the Biyagama Police Division.

The man was admitted to the Biyagama Hospital and was transferred to the Ragama Hospital for further treatment.

The driver of the driver has been arrested on suspicion and the Biyagama police are conducting further investigations.



# Doctors alerted teania infection rapidly spreading

*2024-03-22 12:40:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179414)

Specialist doctors on skin disease have warned that Tinea is rapidly spreading in the country.

The disease is spreading among adults and children, said a specialist at the Colombo National Hospital, said Janaka Alphabetic.

The main symptom of the disease is itching. Also, red spots appear as symptoms.

This is caused by high skin shrinkage and sweating.. This is likely to occur in the armpit, feet and head.

He said it spreads through contact and may spread among colleagues.

The disease can be fully cured by treatments and doctors have advised the doctors to seek the doctor immediately if the symptoms are found.

...



# Misery Complaint: Web to a rape

*2024-03-22 12:33:17*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/மனவேதனை-முறைப்பாடு-வன்புணர்ந்தவருக்கு-வலை/175-335016)

A man was arrested on Thursday (21) on charges of rape on two occasions.

Bibila police have received a complaint that a 29 -year -old married woman, who lives in the Unakolla area, which belongs to the Bibila Police Division, has been raped by a resident of a nearby house.

On 09/04/2023, while she was at home with her child, a neighbor named "Alinda" came to her house and raped her and raped her again on 11/27/2023.

But the incident caused the incident to come to the Bibila police station last (21).



# The Department of Meteorology says the temperature will last until the end of April!

*2024-03-22 12:26:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179415)

The Department of Meteorology said the temperature increased by one or two degrees Celsius these days than the rest of the year.

Deputy Director of the Department of Meteorology, Maril Mendis, said the situation is seen across the country.

He said the heat is high in March and April every year and the situation will remain until the end of April.

The department also states that the temperature has risen abnormally at this time.



# Israel should grant permission for humanitarian aid

*2024-03-22 12:17:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179410)

Australia and the UK have jointly appealed to Israel to ensure humanitarian assistance to reach Gaza.

The two countries have also appealed for an immediate ceasefire to create a permanent ceasefire.

Australia and the UK have expressed concern over the humanitarian situation in Gaza.

The Australian British, condemning the attack on the seventh of October, said the attack was carried out on innocent people and that there were sexual violence.

...



# President Ranil meets with Basil; discusses future political affairs

*2024-03-22 12:17:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98124/president-ranil-meets-with-basil-discusses-future-political-affairs)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe has held a discussion with the founder of the Sri Lanka Podujana Peramuna (SLPP) and former Finance Minister Basil Rajapaksa last night (21), where attention was drawn to the upcoming elections and the future political affairs.

This meeting comes after President Wickremesinghe had informed the Cabinet of Ministers to make preparations for the presidential election first.

Thus, Basil Rajapaksa has communicated to the President the SLPP’s stance with respect to the upcoming elections, political sources said.

...



# Keheliya’s application for bail to be heard on Monday

*2024-03-22 12:01:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Keheliyas-application-for-bail-to-be-heard-on-Monday/108-279395)

Colombo, March 22 (Daily Mirror)- A revision application filed on behalf of former Health Minister Keheliya Rambukwella, who is currently held in remand custody in connection with the alleged import of substandard Immunoglobulin injections, was today fixed for March 25 by the Colombo High Court.

Filing a revision application, the former Health Minister's daughter is requesting the Colombo High Court that her father be released on whatever bail conditions the court deems fit.

...



# The people are essential to the people without a shortage of festive season

*2024-03-22 11:54:18*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/උත්සව-සමයේදී-හිඟයකින්-තොරව-ජනතාවට-අත්‍යවශ්‍ය-ආහාර/11-408755)

State Minister of Livestock Development, who has created essential time in the enclosure of essential food items during the festive season.. B. Herath said.

The project said that the program will be implemented through a system that protects the farmer and consumer.

State Minister of Livestock Development. B. Herath made this statement participating at a press conference held at the press conference at the Presidential Media Center.

The government has implemented several programs to reduce the post harvest technology to reduce the harvest losses and prepare the country into the global food crisis.

...



# 52 windmills on the flying path of birds;Adani's project

*2024-03-22 11:48:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179406)

Professor Sampath S Seneviratne, Professor of Colombo University, said that the windmill of the Adani Group could be greatly affected by Mannar's weak birds.

He said that Mannar is the main entrance to the wander birds, and that Adani's windmill will be a disaster for the birds.

He said that each tower created for the windmill is 120 meters high and 96 meters of rotating knives.

He also said that the windmills do not emit through the windmills, but that the windmills are used for the economy or the economy, but the fact that these winds are used for the economy.

...



# Yall. Fishermen who tried to enter the Indian Consulate

*2024-03-22 11:47:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179403)

Jaffna district fishermen blocked the Indian consultation in Jaffna on Friday in protest of the Indian trawling industry.

Fishermen started a hunger strike in Jaffna last Tuesday. The fishermen who started the protest have lost their patience and are engaged in a struggle in front of the Indian Embassy in Jaffna today and are trying to enter the Indian Consulate.

In this case, the fishermen are trying to bring the fishermen into a smooth condition.. Police are intimidating fishermen by showing a hand animal.

It is noteworthy that the fishermen are continuing their protests, demanding that their resources continue to be provided.



# Ten more suspected criminals of underworld gangs nabbed

*2024-03-22 11:45:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Ten-more-suspected-criminals-of-underworld-gangs-nabbed/108-279394)

Colombo, March 22 (Daily Mirror)- Ten more suspected criminals of underworld gangs were arrested yesterday during the special operation launched to crack down on organized criminal activities.

The suspects were arrested in Ratmalana, Mattakkuliya, Wattala, Colombo 12, Kolonnawa, Ganemulla and Uragasmanhandiya.

They are suspected to be close associates of underworld gangs of 'Kudu Anju', Dematagoda Chaminda, Kanjipani Imran, Keselwatte Dinuka, Ladiya and Kosgoda Suji.

...



# Uganda president has made his son a military commander

*2024-03-22 11:44:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179407)

Uganda President Joveri Musaveni has appointed her son as the army commander of the country.

Joverie Musaveni, who has seized power since 1986, has been elected president six times.

There were speculations that Muzhaveni was preparing to make him the president after her son Muhuzi Kyrerukaba.

The Uganda Defense Ministry said yesterday that President Muzaveni has appointed Muhuzi Kanerugaba as Army Commander.



# The boy's death falls into the agricultural well

*2024-03-22 11:37:15*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/மலையகம்/விவசாய-கிணற்றில்-விழுந்து-சிறுவன்-மரணம்/76-335013)

The body of the boy, who was playing in a plantation house in Pinoya's upper part of the Vattawala police division, has been recovered from the well located in the back of the house, the Vattawala police said.

The body of Kathiravel Rohit, aged 3, 9 months old, was found in the agricultural well, police said.

Due to the disappearance of the child who was playing at home, the child's father and plantation workers living in the plantation houses have recovered the body from the well.



# Yall. Fishermen who siege the Indian Consulate

*2024-03-22 11:34:16*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/யாழ்-இந்திய-துணை-தூதரகத்தை-முற்றுகையிட்ட-மீனவர்கள்/175-335012)

Jaffna district fishermen today blocked the Indian embassy in Jaffna in protest of the Indian drag industry.

The fishermen who started the protest have lost their patience and are engaged in a struggle in front of the Indian Embassy in Jaffna today and are trying to enter the Indian Consulate.

In this case, the fishermen are trying to bring the fishermen into a smooth condition.. Remble



# Report on the Great Heroes Celebrations

*2024-03-22 11:27:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194811)

The Attorney General also informed the Court of Appeal to submit a full investigation report regarding the "Maha Heroes' celebrations" recently, recalling the LTTE members of the Northern and Eastern Provinces.

Senior State Counsel Shamitry Wickrema appeared for the Attorney General yesterday (21) as a film was called to issue the law against the heroic celebrations yesterday (21).Did.

The petition is the S. U. B. The Court of Appeal of Karaliy and Bhagna, Karalive were summoned before the Court of Appeal.

...



# It is planning to reduce the girls who are sexually engaged in sex

*2024-03-22 11:25:23*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/ගැහැණු-දරුවන්ට-ලිංගික-සේවනයේ-යෙදීය--හැකි-වයස-අවුරුදු-14-දක්වා-අඩු-කිරීමේ-සූදානමක්/11-408754)

The Chief Organizer of the government is to reduce the proposal of the proposal of sexual assault on the age of 22 years of age and punishment of the pens of 22 years of age and punishment of a male guilty 22 years old.Development and Housing Minister Prasanna Ranatunga is said.

Minister Prasanna Ranatunga was responding to a question raised by Opposition Leader Sajith Premadasa today (22).The conversation in Parliament in this regard is as follows.

Opposition Leader Sajith Premadasa - Chapter 363 and 364 of the Penal Code published on February 13, 363 and 364, I would like to look into the attention of Minister Prasanna Ranatunga.

...



# Former Brazil international Robinho arrested to serve rape sentence

*2024-03-22 11:25:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Former-Brazil-international-Robinho-arrested-to-serve-rape-sentence/108-279392)

Mar. 22 (BBC) - Former Brazil international football player Robinho has been arrested to serve a nine-year prison sentence for rape.

He was convicted two years ago in Italy for his part in the gang rape of an Albanian woman at a night club in Milan in 2013.

Robinho, 40, was arrested at his flat in his home city of Santos.

The Italian government had requested that he serve his sentence in Brazil after failing to get him extradited.

On Wednesday, a court in Brazil upheld the decision and also ruled that he should serve his time behind bars instead of under house arrest.

...



# The Tamil Nadu Factor

*2024-03-22 11:23:19*

[colombotelegraphcom](https://www.colombotelegraph.com/index.php/the-tamil-nadu-factor/)

...



# 5 more of the People's Struggle Movement remanded again

*2024-03-22 11:23:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194810)

Fort Magistrate Thilina Gamage today ordered the five suspects to be submitted to an identification parade.

According to the report of police officers in the case, the five suspects were remanded until the 27th they were remanded until the 27th they were remanded until the 27th.

Accordingly, the five persons who were due to the Fort Police including the OIC of the Fort Police including the OIC of Duminda Naguwa and Jinaratana Thera and Nayana Ranjani have been remanded until the 27th of this month.



# The men who stole the lorry took 9,100 kg of Keeri Samba!

*2024-03-22 11:20:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179402)

Around fifteen lakhs of rupees has been stolen from a massive rice mill in Welikanda.

It has been reported by the police that some people who stole a parked lorry have left the lorry and left the lorry in one place.

The owner of the lorry has lodged a complaint with the police as his lorry has been abandoned in the Rukunugama area under the Aralangwila Police Division.

Based on the complaint, police have started investigations and found that 9,100 kg of Keeri samba from the lorry has been stolen.



# A special holiday for Hatton Zonal Schools

*2024-03-22 11:17:10*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/மலையகம்/ஹட்டன்-வலய-பாடசாலைகளுக்கு-விசேட-விடுமுறை/76-335010)

The Secretary of the Central Province, DabUM Madagapola, has confirmed that Hatton Zonal Schools have been given a special holiday on the 25th of this month.

Hatton Sri Manikapillaiar Temple Maha Kumbabhisheka. For this purpose, the school has been decided to carry out educational activities on 06.04.2024.



# Keheliya’s revision application seeking bail fixed for consideration

*2024-03-22 11:08:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98123/keheliyas-revision-application-seeking-bail-fixed-for-consideration)

Colombo High Court on Friday (March 22) decided to consider the revision application filed by former Health Minister Keheliya Rambukwella seeking to be released on bail.

Accordingly, the revision application has been fixed for consideration on Monday (March 25) by High Court Judge Sujeewa Nissanka.

During the court proceedings, Deputy Solicitor General Lakmini Girihagama, representing the Attorney General, told the court that the prosecution has yet to receive the documents pertaining to the revision application.

...



# Keheliya's bail application is to be considered

*2024-03-22 11:08:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194809)

Former Minister Keheliya Rambukwella, who was remanded and remanded

The petition was called before Colombo High Court Judge Sujeewa Nissanka today (22).



# Shell recovery in Mullaitivu

*2024-03-22 11:04:26*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/வன்னி/முல்லைத்தீவில்-ஷெல்-மீட்பு/72-335009)

The bomb has been found from a private land in the Puliyamunai area of the Kokkulai police division in Mullaitivu, police said.

When the land owner was cleaned yesterday, he saw the motor shell on the land.

The police have recovered the cell and are being investigated by the Kokkulai police.. Remble



# President

*2024-03-22 10:59:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179397)

Minister Douglas Devananda, including Minister Douglas Devananda, welcomed the President who was visiting Jaffna through Palali Airport.

The President, who has arrived in Jaffna, will return about 278 acres of land, which has been under military -controlled for the past 33 years, and will open the newly constructed emergency unit at the Point Pedro Base Hospital.



# Mongolia is the most wide winter that has not been confronted in half a hundred years - snow everywhere - five million animals death

*2024-03-22 10:54:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179391)

Humanitarian organizations have reported that five million animals have died due to the severe winter of Mongolia half a century.

Mongolia is trapped in a very severe cold and 4.7 million animals have been killed.

Temperature has fallen. Heavy snowfall is completely closed.

More than three hundred thousand people in Mongolia are involved in nomadic and livestock shepherds for food and markets.

Alexander, Regional Director of the Asia Pacific of the International Red Cross, said that the people who have completely relied on livestock for their lives have become a few months old.

...



# Credit relief to Sri Lanka

*2024-03-22 10:45:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194808)

International media reports that Sri Lanka is allowed to be paid for the loans to be paid for India and Paris society.



# Civil minister may threaten the murder of bribery

*2024-03-22 10:40:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179393)

Dr. Dulan Hettiarachchi, Chairman of the C-Nor Foundation, has resigned from his post following a letter to the president that he cannot continue his duties due to the death threat of diplomatic minister Pali Nishantha.

Dr. Dulan Hettiarachchi has said in a letter to the President that the Minister of Fisheries and Nishantha Nishantha is threatening to bribe him and that he has been murdered in some cases.

Hettiarachchi has said that Hettiarachchi has taken over as the Chairman of the Limited Institute of the Sea Nor Organization under the Ministry of Fisheries and that the company has appointed 20 new employees.



# Review decision to reduce consent age for sex: Sajith

*2024-03-22 10:37:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Review-decision-to-reduce-consent-age-for-sex-Sajith/108-279391)

Opposition Leader Sajith Premadasa today urged the government to review its decision to reduce the consent age for sex to 14 when it comes to women.

"There is a strong call from Sri Lankan women to review the government's decision," Premadasa said.

The penal code is to be amended to reduce the consent age for sex to 14 years and to have a single law pertaining to abuse of men and women.



# 3 more Sri Lankan cricket

*2024-03-22 10:36:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194807)

Sri Lanka Cricket has made appointments for three new posts.

Dr. Hashan Amaratunga has appointed Jonathan Pot (Ronathan Pot) for the post of the sports promotional nutrition.



# Body recovery at trade center in Vavuniya

*2024-03-22 10:36:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179392)

Vavuniya police said that the body of a man has been recovered from the trade center located on the Vavuniya Dhonikkal Street Road.

The person has been recovered from his trade center this morning (22) this morning.

The body was recovered by R. Nasendran, the father of two children, aged 43.



# Sri Lanka to secure likely 6-year moratorium on debt owed to India, Paris Club

*2024-03-22 10:25:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98122/sri-lanka-to-secure-likely-6-year-moratorium-on-debt-owed-to-india-paris-club-)

Sri Lanka is close to finalising a debt treatment plan with India and the Paris Club, sources familiar with the negotiations said, pointing to a likely moratorium of up to six years and a reduced interest rate during the repayment period.

“The discussions are at an advanced stage. A formal agreement on the terms can be expected very soon,” the Colombo-based source told The Hindu on Thursday, after a recent discussion among members of the Official Creditor Committee [OCC].

...



# Can Poson celebrate the festival in the day?- Charles Nirmalanathan question

*2024-03-22 10:21:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179385)

Tamil National Alliance (TNA) parliamentarian Charles Nirmalanathan questioned whether the police could hold the Buddhist Poson Day in the daytime, as the police say to hold the Hindus Shivaratri in the daytime.

He said this while addressing the third day debate on the no -confidence motion against the Speaker held in Parliament on Thursday (21).

The police refused permission even when the court had allowed the Hindus to observe Shivaratri at the Adilingeswarar Temple at the Attukkunnarimalai.

...



# Accident in Trincomalee: One killed

*2024-03-22 10:19:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179389)

One person was killed in a motorcycle accident in Poonagar area of the Trincomalee District Eichilampattu police division.

The other person who was traveling on a motorcycle was injured and sent to Muttur Base Hospital for further treatment. The body of the deceased has been kept at the Eichilampattu Divisional Hospital, Eichilampattu police said.

The two men from Batticaloa came to Trincomalee and were traveling to Batticaloa on a motorbike.

Jagadeeswaran Madhusan, 22, from Ganapathipillai Nagar, Batticaloa, Chengaladi and Ganapathipillai Nagar, died in the incident, Eichilampattu police said.



# Thai Air, Maldivian to resume Sri Lanka flights from April

*2024-03-22 10:19:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/thai-air-maldivian-to-resume-sri-lanka-flights-from-april-155719/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Thai Air will resume daily flights to Colombo from April 01, state-run Airport and Aviation Services, which runs the Indian Ocean island’s airports said.

The Maldivian will start twice weekly flights from April 25.

Maldives which has a strong currency and the least activist monetary authority is also a source of tourists to Sri Lanka.

Sri Lanka was hit by a currency crisis soon after it recovered from Covid hitting tourist arrivals and air connections. (Colombo/Mar22/2024)



# President says the country should not be restored again in 10 years

*2024-03-22 10:10:47*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/වසර-10කින්-රට-යළිත්-අර්බුදයකට-ලක්-නොවීමට-නම්-කළ-යුතු-දේ-ජනපති-කියයි/11-408753)

The President also emphasized that if the loans to cover the export gap continues to face a economic crisis in 10 years, he said that he would create an economic crisis in the country and transform it into an export economy.

The President said that a new law will be presented to Parliament in April and that the President said that all these activities were to carry on the country's economy.

President Ranil Wickremesinghe said this was a margin of the Movewa and Ranweta.

The President said that the President is expected to be completed by June as a debt to the world as a country of debt..

...



# Presidents, Prime Ministers in last 70 years lacked job experience and vision: Janaka Rathnayake

*2024-03-22 10:00:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Presidents-Prime-Ministers-in-last-70-years-lacked-job-experience-and-vision-Janaka-Rathnayake/108-279368)

Colombo, March 22 (Daily Mirror) - Over the past 70 years, the Presidents and Prime Ministers who governed this country lacked any significant job experience and also failed to provide a clear vision for the country, Presidential candidate Janaka Ratnayake said.

Addressing the media yesterday, he said a President and a leader should have a vision for the development or betterment of the country on behalf of the people.

...



# Rosa arrested for Raza, Ratmalana, Ratmalana

*2024-03-22 09:51:31*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/රත්මලානේ-කුඩු-අංජුගේ-ගෝල-රත්මලානේ-රොසා-අත්අඩංගුවට/11-408752)

An organized criminal and a drug dealer, Singhara, a drug dealer who operates abroad, says "Ratmalana Rosa ', the closest disciple of Ratmalana," Ratmalana Rosa'.

Police Special Task Force 3 Special Operations in Moratuwa have been arrested by the STF in parallel to the operation of justice.

The suspect was arrested in front of the residence of the suspect in Ratmalana.

The mobile phone used for 50g of ice narcotics and an electricity, which was used for racket and an electricity and the drug dealer has been taken into custody.

The suspect was arrested on suspicion of shooting at a restaurant in Ratmalana.

...



# The Speaker made public the challenges he faced during the struggle of the country!

*2024-03-22 09:50:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179383)

When the economic crisis intensified in 2022, an anarchy in the country continued to press for the establishment of a government led by my leaders in contrast to the constitution.

The purpose of solving the crisis is not a person. Instead, they set up an illegal government and create an environment of Libya and Afghanistan.

Speaker Mahinda Yapa Abeywardena said that I would like to inform the people of the country that I have been fully cooperating with the constitution to form a firm government through Parliament.

He was speaking in a special speech after the debate on the no -confidence motion in Parliament on Thursday (21).

...



# Sri Lanka speaker claims MPs who signed NCM urged him to take over

*2024-03-22 09:50:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-speaker-claims-mps-who-signed-ncm-urged-him-to-take-over-155696/)

ECONOMYNEXT — Speaker of Parliament Mahinda Yapa Abeywardena who survived a no confidence motion against him claimed that MPs among those who signed the motion had tried to unconstitutionally appoint him Sri Lanka president in 2022.

Addressing parliament on Thursday March 21 after the Sri Lanka Podujana Peramuna (SLPP) government comfortably defeated the no confidence motion (NCM), Abeywardena said “powerful forces” had urged him to take over the presidency after it became vacant following former president Gotabaya Rajapaksa’s resignation after months of intense public protests.

...



# Dylan's deviation from Cobb group

*2024-03-22 09:44:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179384)

There is no good stand among the people regarding the membership of the ruling party appointed as the chairman of the COPE committee, so I will quit the membership of the COPE Committee, "Parliamentarian Dylan Perera has informed the Speaker in writing.

Everyone has accepted that a member of the ruling party has been appointed as the Chairman of the Copa Committee. He also carries the committee's activities.

Members of the opposition parties continued to demand that a member of the Opposition to be appointed as the leader of the Government Responsibility Development (COPE) (COPE).

...



# Sri Lankan - Indian fishermen issue: Tamil Nadu, Pondicherry Chief Ministers

*2024-03-22 09:42:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179382)

The Chief Ministers of Tamil Nadu and Pondicherry have discussed with me on the issues of the Indian drag web boats.

There is also an environment for meeting with Chief Ministers. Fisheries Minister Douglas Devananda appealed to the fishermen in the North to abandon the hunger strike.

He appealed to the Speaker of Parliament on Thursday (21) while addressing the third day debate on the no -confidence motion against the Speaker.

...



# 'Heat cold rain' talks about the problem of childbirth

*2024-03-22 09:38:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179380)

Young couples living in the Tamil community.. Although they are paired with their honeymoon moments, they are the first of their choices to go to the film mansions and watch the movie.

In such moments, they are teaching some things in life as a good thing. Thus, if Family Drama films are combined with sentimental and emotion.. Fans are doing to win to date.

The film crew, led by director Pascal Vedamuthu, has made a film titled 'Heat Cold Rain'. The preview has recently been released and has been very welcome.

...



# Sri Lanka rupee opens at 303.55/70 to the US dollar

*2024-03-22 09:34:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-rupee-opens-at-303-55-70-to-the-us-dollar-155704/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka’s rupee opened at 303.55/70 to the US dollar in the spot forex market on Friday, stronger from 303.85/95 on Thursday, dealers said, while bond yields were up.

A bond maturing on 15.12.2026 was quoted at 11.30/38 percent from 11.35/40 percent.

A bond maturing on 15.12.2028 was quoted at 12.10/18 percent from 12.10/15 percent.

The Colombo Stock Exchange opened up: the All Share Price Index was up 0.02 percent at 11,178, and the S&P SL20 was up 0.13 percent at 3,186. (Colombo/Mar22/2024)



# Parliamentary proceedings begun

*2024-03-22 09:31:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194805)

The Deputy Speaker has commenced the activities of the Hon.



# Police offer cash rewards for information provided on illegal firearms, organized criminals

*2024-03-22 09:31:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98120/police-offer-cash-rewards-for-information-provided-on-illegal-firearms-organized-criminals)

Sri Lanka Police have decided to offer cash prizes to individuals who provide information about illegal firearms used by organized criminal gang members.

In parallel to the ongoing ‘Yukthiya’ exercise to eradicate drug distribution initiated in late December 2023, the police launched a special police operation on March 19 in a bid to crack down on organized crimes.

Accordingly, 20 special police teams – each consisting of nine personnel including one Crimes OIC, four intelligence officers and two Special Task Force (STF) personnel – were deployed in Western Province and Galle District.

...



# Police offer cash rewards for information provided on illegal firearms

*2024-03-22 09:31:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98120/police-offer-cash-rewards-for-information-provided-on-illegal-firearms)

Sri Lanka Police have decided to offer cash prizes to individuals who provide information about illegal firearms used by organized criminal gang members.

In parallel to the ongoing ‘Yukthiya’ exercise to eradicate drug distribution initiated in late December 2023, the police launched a special police operation on March 19 in a bid to crack down on organized crimes.

Accordingly, 20 special police teams – each consisting of nine personnel including one Crimes OIC, four intelligence officers and two Special Task Force (STF) personnel – were deployed in Western Province and Galle District.

...



# Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal arrested

*2024-03-22 09:20:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179381)

Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal has been arrested by India's Financial Criminal Investigation Division over corruption allegations in the liquor policy issue, his party said.

India's Financial Criminal Division has repeatedly called on Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal to appear for an inquiry into the Delhi Liquor Policy issue.. However, he did not attend the hearing.

It was in this case that the former Chief Minister Manish Sisodia has already been arrested and jailed, and Kejriwal, who is not present at the hearing, may be arrested at any time.

...



# Dhanush's 'Captain Miller'

*2024-03-22 09:15:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179377)

Produced by DG Thiagarajan on behalf of Satyajodi Films, Dhanush starring Arun Matheswaran was released in the film 'Captain Miller' at the world palace worldwide.

The film, which received mixed reviews, was released on the first Prime Video Digital site since the ninth of February.

40 days after being released on the Prime Digital site ... It has continued to be the number one and has set a new record in many countries and many languages.

...



# Bangladesh to the coin

*2024-03-22 09:10:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194804)

The first Test match between the Tourism Sri Lanka and Bangladesh will be held today.

The Bangladesh team won the advantage of the coin and they decided to give the Sri Lankan team first to bat first.



# Change in weather from today

*2024-03-22 09:08:34*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/இன்றிலிருந்து-வானிலையில்-மாற்றம்/175-335008)

The country is expected to change from today (22) in the drought weather.

Rainfall is expected in the Eastern, Uva and Northern Provinces several times.

There is a possibility of rainfall or thundershowers in many places in the upper, Sabaragamuwa, Central, South, North Western and North Central Provinces.

More than 50 mm of heavy rainfall is expected in some places in Sabaragamuwa Province.

In some parts of the Sabaragamuwa and Central Provinces and Galle and Kalutara districts, there is expected snowfall in the morning.

...



# Money gift to the public;News published by the police

*2024-03-22 09:03:31*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/பொதுமக்களுக்கு-பணம்-பரிசு-பொலிஸார்-வெளியிட்ட-செய்தி/175-335007)

Cash prizes have been made to those who report the guns used by people involved in drug trafficking and drug trafficking.

It is also stated that the Inspector General of Police has issued a cash prize for Rs.. Remble



# Arun Siddharth appointed as the Jaffna District Organizer of the United National Party

*2024-03-22 09:03:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179379)

Ravi Karunanayake, former Finance Minister and former Finance Minister of the National Party, said at a meeting held at a private hall in Jaffna this evening.

Meanwhile, former Minister of State Vijayagala Maheshwaran is the chief organizer of the Kilinochchi districts of Jaffna.It is reported that many of the party's supporters have not participated in today's meeting.



# Two arrested for shooting incident

*2024-03-22 09:02:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194803)

Police have arrested a suspect and a suspect who supported the shooting on 01st.03.09.2013.

Police have arrested the police while they were hiding in a lodge in Buttala.



# UN Security Council to vote Friday on US resolution on Gaza ceasefire

*2024-03-22 08:50:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98119/un-security-council-to-vote-friday-on-us-resolution-on-gaza-ceasefire)

The United States will ask the U.N. Security Council on Friday to back a resolution calling for an immediate ceasefire in Gaza and an Israel-Hamas hostage deal, increasing pressure on its ally Israel to allow more humanitarian aid and better protect civilians.

Nate Evans, spokesperson for the U.S. mission to the United Nations, said on Thursday that the resolution resulted from “many rounds of consultations” with members of the 15-seat Security Council.

...



# Massive rise in scams as public struggle from financial crisis

*2024-03-22 08:24:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Massive-rise-in-scams-as-public-struggle-from-financial-crisis/108-279369)

Colombo, March 22 (Daily Mirror) - Amid the country's high cost of living, there's an increased risk of individuals falling prey to ongoing scams and cyber frauds as more people are desperately resorting to earning quick money, the Sri Lanka Computer Emergency Readiness Team (SLCERT) said.

Senior Information Security Engineer Charuka Damunupola of SLCERT told the Daily Mirror that several incidents relating to social media platforms, such as Facebook, now known as Meta, Messenger were reported in addition to people spending money on pyramid schemes.

...



# "Childise Order" begins with FM Derana 15th Anniversary

*2024-03-22 08:09:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194802)

The FM Derana Diri Program will be implemented in parallel to the FM Derana 15th Anniversary.

Under this program, school equipment to provide exercise books, pencils, pan for students with economic difficulties.

You can get school equipment for several parts of Colombo and Bambalapitiya apartment complex, including the FM, Maradana and Bambalapitiya apartment complex, including the Galle Road.

FM Derana has been planned to double every school instrument and for economic hardship.



# Here's what discussions between President and Basil

*2024-03-22 07:53:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194801)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe and the Founder of the President and the Communicate Fonseka met with former Minister Basil Rajapaksa yesterday.

The presidential election is exchanged between both parties on the upcoming fellow election and political matters.

The meeting was a significant incident after President Ranil Wickremesinghe was informed at the Cabinet meeting held first as President Ranil Wickremesinghe was first prepared for the presidential election.

Accordingly, Basil Rajapaksa has announced that the President has informed the Sri Lanka General Front to the next election.

...



# Sri Lanka - Bangladesh first Test match today

*2024-03-22 07:35:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194800)

The first Test match between the Tourism Sri Lanka and Bangladesh will be held today.

Sri Lanka Test leader Dananjaya de Silva said that the team's players are aware of the pitch for Test match.



# IMF urges Sri Lanka public finance law, debt progress to complete review

*2024-03-22 07:31:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/imf-urges-sri-lanka-public-finance-law-debt-progress-to-complete-review-155668/)

ECONOMYNEXT – The International Monetary Fund is waiting for the government to complete some reforms including a Public Financial Management Law to complete a review, Senior Mission Chief Peter Breuer said.

“Some reforms are still ongoing.  The public financial management bill is something that we have been engaged with the authorities,” Bruer said.

“So this is, for example, something that we are paying close attention to.”

Most structural benchmarks due before the end of February were either met or implemented with delay, the IMF said.

...



# As predicted, rainfall covers most parts of island

*2024-03-22 07:17:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/As-predicted-rainfall-covers-most-parts-of-island/108-279370)

Colombo, March 22 (Daily Mirror) - As forecasted by the National Meteorological Centre's forecasting division, many areas across the island experienced showers following a change in the prevailing dry weather.

Duty Meteorologist Chaminda de Silva, attached to the Meteorological Centre, told the Daily Mirror that showers were experienced in most areas of the island, including the South-western, Eastern, Uva, Northern, North-eastern, and North-central provinces.

Areas not mentioned above may have also received showers, but comprehensive rainfall details will be announced today.

...



# If spying, the police gifts

*2024-03-22 07:10:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194799)

Police Media Spokesperson DIG, Nihal, Nihal Talduuwa has decided to provide cash prizes to persons who are informed about firearms using organized crime and drug trafficking.

The Police Media Spokesperson stated that the Inspector General of Police (IGP) has instructed a person who provides information to a suspect with a T56 firearm.



# IMF urges transparency in Sri Lanka Central Bank’s salary benchmarking

*2024-03-22 07:00:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/imf-urges-transparency-in-sri-lanka-central-banks-salary-benchmarking-155659/)

ECONOMYNEXT – The International Monetary Fund (IMF) urged Sri Lanka’s Central Bank’s transparency to justify its salary hike following the recent controversy over a steep wage hike without parliamentary approval, while the rest of the public sector is under a salary restraint.

The Central Bank under increased the salaries of its employees between around 70 percent or more a triennial pay revision.

The move angered the public sector employees and legislators as the government had issued fiscal authority directive to tighten the belts.

...



# 'How I Write': Mahinda Prasad Island

*2024-03-22 06:59:57*

[bbccomsinhala](https://www.bbc.com/sinhala/articles/c1rx9jwwjzgo)

The poet is a host of Prasad, the first novel, is the most popular, with Maronic.

Since then, he was subjected to reviewers and readers as an important novelist of contemporary literature.

I talk to him as a notener as a novelist and his own understanding and writing.

The questions I hear in this discussion is currently published by I have expressed the 'history of Nimna' (2019) and the novels of this secret wind.

It is well known for all writer's writing process.

Where writing, how to write, how to write, and the joy of writing, the writer's abstinence. The conversation is seeking to pointer to that secret site of the newcomers.

...



# A woman is killed

*2024-03-22 06:57:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194798)

The 33-year-old wife has been assaulted by a 33-year-old boy with a sharp weapon.

The incident was reported from the area of the Diyakelewa area last night.



# Basil says talks with Ranil positive,will General Election come first ?

*2024-03-22 06:10:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Basil-says-talks-with-Ranil-positive-will-General-Election-come-first/108-279367)

Colombo, March 21 (Daily Mirror) - In the wake of calls for a snap general election , Sri Lanka Podujana Peramuna (SLPP) stalwart Basil Rajapaksa who held a one on one meeting with President Ranil Wickremesinghe yesterday said talks ended on a positive note and they decided to consult their respective parties before reaching any finality .

Asked whether they decided to have the parliamentary elections first , Mr. Rajapaksa declined to give a direct answer but said the outcome was positive .

...



# Thundershowers today

*2024-03-22 06:06:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194796)

The Department of Meteorology says that there are several closes in the East, Uva, North, North, North and Northern provinces today (22).

Thundershowers will develop at several places in the evening or night in the other areas of the island.

Some places in the Western, Sabaragamuwa and North Western Provinces. Mee. Heavy rains experience more than 50.

In some places in the Central, Sabaragamuwa and Uva provinces, in some places, are expected to be fourth in the Galle and Matara districts.

The public requests the public to take steps to reduce the damages caused by temporary strong winds and lightning accidents with thunderstorms.



# Fairly heavy rainfall expected in 3 provinces including Western

*2024-03-22 06:05:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98118/fairly-heavy-rainfall-expected-in-3-provinces-including-western)

Several spells of showers are likely in the Eastern, Uva, North-central and Northern provinces, the Department of Meteorology says.

Showers or thundershowers will occur at several places elsewhere in the island in the afternoon or at night.

Meanwhile, fairly heavy showers above 50mm are likely at some places in Western, Sabaragamuwa and North-western Provinces.

Misty conditions are expected at some places in Central, Sabaragamuwa and Uva provinces and in Galle and Matara districts during the morning.

...



# Absolute independence is the bane for CBSL enhanced salary revision

*2024-03-22 05:55:53*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/columns/Absolute-independence-is-the-bane-for-CBSL-enhanced-salary-revision/4-759810)

The enormous independence given to the CBSL in the determination of salaries of its employees has been the bane for this unethical and anomalous situation

...



# Meeting in Court; COPE; poem read at Oscar Awards 76

*2024-03-22 05:54:00*

[islandlk](http://island.lk/meeting-in-court-cope-poem-read-at-oscar-awards-76/)

One of two headlines in The Island of Monday March 18 was “Let’s meet in court, JVP tells Rohitha.” The proposer JVP will be represented by former COPE Chairman Sunil Handunetti and Vijitha Herath and of course Rohitha is Abeygunawardena, always in the news. The challenge is consequent to the newly appointed Chairman/COPE threatening to bring legal action against Vijitha Herath who, Rohitha accuses, made a defamatory statement against him. Handunetti states: “We accept the challenge and dare Abeygunawardena to go before the courts. We will get an opportunity to prove all allegations against him.”

...



# Economic recovery must become more broad-based

*2024-03-22 05:49:13*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/columns/Economic-recovery-must-become-more-broad-based/4-759809)

President Wickremesinghe with China Communications Construction Company (CCCC) Chairman Wang Tongzhou. CCCC through CHEC Port City Colombo, has invested $ 1.4 billion on Port City Colombo and committed a further $ 300 million. FDI and exports are key to Sri Lanka’s economic recovery

...



# Elections and the economy

*2024-03-22 05:42:24*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/columns/Elections-and-the-economy/4-759808)

The next election if it were to be dominated by economic issues would be a contest between NPP’s system change with a market model cleansed of its rigidities and the IMF path embraced by its opponents – Pic by Shehan Gunasekara

Election fever is gripping Sri Lanka. It appears that a General Election could precede the Presidential Election mainly because of Ranil Wickremesinghe’s (RW) rising unpopularity largely due to his IMF led economic recovery path.

...



# 'People's Faith in Parliament' Breaded ': What happens if you go?

*2024-03-22 05:36:41*

[bbccomsinhala](https://www.bbc.com/sinhala/articles/cy0zjp9pjjno)

'People's Faith in Parliament' Breaded ': What happens if you go?

The people's confidence in the functioning of the Parliament of Sri Lanka can be seen from a stake.

For many years, many have been viewed, "parliament is a white elephant," and the opinions "do not be eliminated."

These ideas show how the faithy is collapsed on the functioning of parliament among the people of Sri Lanka.

In the meantime, some allege that it is a waste of Rs. 4 million for one day of Parliament.

The new two new events that have a breakdown on parliament are the crisis that the COPE is the crisis on the COPE.

...



# IMF official meets Shehan Semasinghe

*2024-03-22 05:08:45*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/IMF-official-meets-Shehan-Semasinghe/56-759796)

IMF Executive Director Dr Krishnamurthy Subramanian this week met up with State Minister of Finance Shehan Semasinghe and discussed issues of mutual interest including the on-going IMF program and the reforms initiatives of the Government.



# IMF staff mission team call on Opposition leader

*2024-03-22 05:07:08*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/IMF-staff-mission-team-call-on-Opposition-leader/56-759795)

IMF staff mission team led by Peter Breuer, Katsiaryna Svirydzenka and Sarwat Jahan called on Opposition leader Sajith Premadasa at the Parliament complex on Wednesday.

The purpose of the meeting was to engage in a discussion concerning the ongoing progress of the agreement reached between the IMF and the Government.

The high-level gathering saw an extensive exchange of views on a wide array of economic, social, and political matters.

...



# IMF briefed on safety net disbursed through monetary assistance

*2024-03-22 05:05:59*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/IMF-briefed-on-safety-net-disbursed-through-monetary-assistance/56-759794)

Prime Minister Dinesh Gunawardena held a discussion with IMF Executive Director Dr Krishnamurthy Subramanian on Tuesday at the Temple Trees.

The Prime Minister briefed the IMF Executive Director about the measures taken and explained the progress of the welfare scheme under which the monetary assistance to the weaker segment of the society.

Dr. Subramanium briefed the progress of the agreed program and stated that IMF Board of Directors would decide on providing further assistance to Sri Lanka at the next Board Meeting scheduled for June 2024.

...



# India infuses additional funds into ongoing grant projects

*2024-03-22 05:04:53*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/India-infuses-additional-funds-into-ongoing-grant-projects/56-759793)

Indian High Commissioner Santosh Jha (right) with Secretary, Ministry of Urban Development and Housing W.S. Sathyananda

Indian High Commissioner Santosh Jha and Secretary, Ministry of Urban Development and Housing W.S. Sathyananda yesterday signed and exchanged diplomatic letters to formalise Government of India’s (GOI) decision to provide an additional grant of Rs. 150 million for the construction of houses and infrastructure facilities in Sobitha Thero Village in Anuradhapura.

With this, GOI’s total commitment to the project currently stands at Rs. 450 million.

...



# MSMEs commend Opposition leader for advocating issues with IMF

*2024-03-22 05:03:08*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/MSMEs-commend-Opposition-leader-for-advocating-issues-with-IMF/34-759792)

Highlight Opposition leader’s stance on emphasising challenges faced by MSMEs, contrasting it with Govt.›s lack of action

Point to the need of Government›s intervention for the sector›s development during the 10-month window of parate execution law suspension

Express disappointment over State Minister of Finance Ranjith Siyambalapitiya›s dismissive remarks regarding MSME engagement with IMF officials

...



# ‘NSB marks 52nd anniversary with pride’

*2024-03-22 05:01:00*

[islandlk](http://island.lk/nsb-marks-52nd-anniversary-with-pride/)

NSB (The National Savings Bank) commemorated its 52nd anniversary with a meaningful celebration held at the NSB Head Office, graced by the presence of its chairman, Dr. Harasha Cabral PC, Senior Director, Dushantha Basnayake, and GM/CEO, Ms. Shashi Kandambi, senior management and members of Team NSB. The event was a testament to NSB’s rich legacy of service excellence and unwavering commitment to its stakeholders, a NSB press release said.

...



# People’s Bank receives ‘Excellence in Corporate Cards for Government Departments’ award

*2024-03-22 05:01:00*

[islandlk](http://island.lk/peoples-bank-receives-excellence-in-corporate-cards-for-government-departments-award/)

People’s Bank was recognized at the Visa Commercial Solutions Client Forum Sri Lanka 2024, held recently at the Cinnamon Grand Hotel. The bank was honored with the prestigious “Excellence in Corporate Cards for Government Departments” award, highlighting its exceptional commitment to providing tailored financial solutions.

...



# ASUS reveals cutting-edge Zenbook premium laptops and new Republic of Gamers laptop family

*2024-03-22 05:01:00*

[islandlk](http://island.lk/asus-reveals-cutting-edge-zenbook-premium-laptops-and-new-republic-of-gamers-laptop-family/)

ASUS Sri Lanka, the local operations of Taiwanese tech giant ASUS, held its first launch event of the year where ASUS laptops that combine multitasking versatility with unmatched mobility to maximize productivity were unveiled at the Lotus Ballroom, Shangri-La Colombo recently.

The newly unveiled laptops included the new Zenbook 14 OLED (UX3405) premium ultraportable OLED laptop featuring the all-new AI-powered Intel Core Ultra 9 processor, the Zenbook DUO, the world’s first 14″ Dual-Screen OLED laptop and the 2024 ROG Strix laptops, the first ROG laptop featuring an 18″ mini-LED display.

...



# EFC advocates for a more inclusive workplace for women

*2024-03-22 04:59:31*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/EFC-advocates-for-a-more-inclusive-workplace-for-women/34-759791)

EFC Deputy Director General, ILO Country Director for Sri Lanka and Maldives and the panellist

Women’s labour force participation in Sri Lanka has been declining over time. ILO estimates that investing in policies and services to support workers with family responsibilities could generate a considerable number of jobs here at home, the bulk of which would go to women. These observations were made by the ILO Country Director for Sri Lanka and Maldives, Joni Simpson at a forum initiated by the Employers’ Federation of Ceylon (EFC) recently to mark the International Women’s Day.

...



# BOI celebrates International Women’s Day

*2024-03-22 04:55:39*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/BOI-celebrates-International-Women-s-Day/34-759790)

The International Women’s Day was celebrated across several locations of the Board of Investment (BOI) recently bringing together influential women leaders to inspire and empower attendees. The BOIs International Women’s Day celebration reaffirmed the institution’s commitment to promoting gender equality and empowerment of women in the workplace. A former justice of the Supreme Court of Sri Lanka Shiranee Tilakawardane was the chief guest at the event held at the BOI head office Colombo.



# Speaker breezes through NCM with Govt. support

*2024-03-22 04:53:38*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/Speaker-breezes-through-NCM-with-Govt-support/56-759789)

Speaker Mahinda Yapa Abeywardena yesterday survived the No Confidence Motion brought against him by the Opposition after it was defeated by 42 votes in Parliament.

The vote on the No Confidence Motion, the first of its kind against a sitting Speaker of Parliament in Sri Lanka’s history was held following a three-day debate during which the Opposition accused him of partisan behaviour among many other allegations.

117 MPs had voted against the motion while 75 voted in favour. Accordingly, Abeywardena will now continue in his role as the Speaker of the Sri Lankan Parliament.

...



# MPs debate CoPF Report: Concerns mount over CBSL Act interpretation

*2024-03-22 04:52:13*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/MPs-debate-CoPF-Report-Concerns-mount-over-CBSL-Act-interpretation/56-759788)

The Members of the Parliament yesterday continued to debate on the growing concerns and differing interpretations regarding the role and authority of the Central Bank (CBSL), highlighting the need for clarity and consensus on matters of financial governance.

...



# AKD to meet Tamil and Muslim diaspora in Canada

*2024-03-22 04:50:52*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/AKD-to-meet-Tamil-and-Muslim-diaspora-in-Canada/56-759787)

National People’s Party (NPP) leader Anura Kumara Dissanayake will tour Canada this week to meet supporters of the party residing in the country.

The party said Dissanayake left for Canada on Wednesday and will address several public gatherings during his visit.

Dissanayake is slated to speak at two gatherings arranged by the NPP Canada Committee on 23 and 24 March. The initial meeting is set to take place in Toronto, followed by the second meeting in Vancouver.

...



# NPP most suitable camp for women – Harini tells diaspora meeting in London

*2024-03-22 04:49:20*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/NPP-most-suitable-camp-for-women-Harini-tells-diaspora-meeting-in-London/56-759786)

Claims other parties have followed NPP’s lead to focus on increasing women’s involvement in politics

Stresses women must actively participate in politics to reform existing system

Notes NPP women’s summits serve a greater purpose than merely bringing NPP into power

Urges women abroad to support these efforts by informing and educating their friends and family in SL

National People’s Power (NPP) MP Dr. Harini Amarasuriya recently declared that the NPP dedicated to fostering significant social change in Sri Lanka, stands out as the most appropriate political platform for women.

...



# HNB and ICC collaborate to offer tailored home financing

*2024-03-22 04:46:00*

[islandlk](http://island.lk/hnb-and-icc-collaborate-to-offer-tailored-home-financing/)

Reiterating its efforts to bring the best possible deals to customers investing in their dream home, Sri Lanka’s leading private sector bank, HNB PLC, entered into a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with the International Construction Consortium (PVT) Ltd (ICC), to offer exclusive financial solutions to prospective homeowners of the developer’s latest project,’ The Residencies Kotte’, located in the capital city of Sri Lanka.

...



# Dreamron Group celebrates 25 years of generating foreign revenue for Sri Lanka

*2024-03-22 04:46:00*

[islandlk](http://island.lk/dreamron-group-celebrates-25-years-of-generating-foreign-revenue-for-sri-lanka/)

Kindai Kagaku Lanka PVT Ltd celebrated 25 years of successful export business operations. Over this period of operations, Kindai Kagaku Lanka has grown to be one of the leading Hair Care and Skin Care OEM production companies in Sri Lanka and probably the largest player out of all cosmetic manufacturing companies in Sri Lanka.

...



# Sunshine Holdings announces new leadership appointments

*2024-03-22 04:44:43*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/Sunshine-Holdings-announces-new-leadership-appointments/34-759785)

From left: Aruna Deepthikumara, Michelle Senanayake, Shantha Bandara and Dr. T. Sayandhan

Diversified conglomerate Sunshine Holdings PLC yesterday announced that Aruna Deepthikumara, Michelle Senanayake, Dr. T. Sayandhan, and Shantha Bandara, who are Executive Committee members of the Group, have been appointed as Executive Directors.

...



# Puma asserts IP rights in the battle against counterfeiters

*2024-03-22 04:43:21*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/Puma-asserts-IP-rights-in-the-battle-against-counterfeiters/34-759784)

PUMA SE, one of the world’s leading sports brands has obtained an Enjoining Order from the Commercial High Court of Colombo in Sri Lanka against a suspected counterfeiter.

Puma SE, recently filed a civil action against Naithi Ltd., through its registered Attorneys-at-Law, Sudath Perera Associates, under the Intellectual Property Act No. 36 of 2003 for the infringement of the Intellectual property rights of PUMA SE by the Defendant.

...



# Top Chinese trade delegation visits BOI

*2024-03-22 04:43:01*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/Top-Chinese-trade-delegation-visits-BOI/34-759783)

...



# SriLankan flight UL 470 to Incheon Korea takes off after 13-hour delay

*2024-03-22 04:41:59*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/SriLankan-flight-UL-470-to-Incheon-Korea-takes-off-after-13-hour-delay/34-759782)

SriLankan Airlines said yesterday it has made every effort to satisfy the travel requirements of all 217 of its valued passengers who were checked in to travel to Incheon, South Korea on 19 March on UL 470, when the flight was delayed by approximately 13 hours from the scheduled time of departure due to a technical reason.

Of the passengers, 117 resumed their journey on the same flight once the aircraft was cleared for departure and took off to Incheon, South Korea at 07:23hrs on the next day, 20 March.

...



# Ceylon Chamber to organise Sri Lanka Climate Summit 2024

*2024-03-22 04:40:44*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/Ceylon-Chamber-to-organise-Sri-Lanka-Climate-Summit-2024/34-759781)

Under theme ‘Code Red: Climate Risks and Opportunities for Sri Lankan Businesses’

The Ceylon Chamber of Commerce is proud to announce the inaugural Sri Lanka Climate Summit 2024, themed “Code Red: Climate Risks and Opportunities for Sri Lankan Businesses” from 7 to 9 May at the Shangri La Hotel, Colombo.

...



# SLASSCOM’s 2023 survey sheds light on critical HR trends in Sri Lanka

*2024-03-22 04:39:02*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/SLASSCOM-s-2023-survey-sheds-light-on-critical-HR-trends-in-Sri-Lanka/34-759780)

The Sri Lanka Association of Software and Service Companies (SLASSCOM) recently concluded its much-anticipated Compensation and Benefits Survey 2023, shedding light on critical HR trends and issues within the Sri Lankan IT/ BPM industry.

...



# Mid 2024 will be a turning point for Sri Lanka’s economy, says Ranil

*2024-03-22 04:24:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Mid-2024-will-be-a-turning-point-for-Sri-Lankas-economy-says-Ranil/108-279351)

Mid this year will be the turning point for Sri Lanka’s economy, according to President Ranil Wickremesinghe, as from then on the island nation will have opportunities for further progress.

“Looking ahead, we have opportunities for further progress after June,” Wickremesinghe said this week.

He added the rupee, which has been strengthening, is expected to reach Rs.280 against US$ by June, leading to a decrease in the prices of goods.

...



# Food supplies

*2024-03-22 03:48:48*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/உணவுப்-பொருட்கள்-தட்டுப்பாடின்றி-விநியோகம்/175-335006)

Minister of Livestock Development DP Herath said that in the coming festive festive season, consumers have created an environment where the essential food items can be obtained at a reasonable price.

State Minister TP Herath made this statement at a media briefing at the Presidential Media Center yesterday. As he further stated,

The government has taken steps to create an environment where consumers will get the essentials at a reasonable price without shortage. He said the current government's agricultural policy is able to produce the rice required for consumption. (A)



# Two persons injured in Vavuniya accident

*2024-03-22 03:40:54*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/வவுனியா-விபத்தில்-இருவர்-காயம்/175-335005)

Two persons have been admitted to the Vavuniya Hospital after being injured in an accident in Vairavapuliyankulam, Vavuniya.

A three -wheeler that was traveling through the railway station in Vavuniya city collided with a motorcycle traveling from Vairavapuliyankulam to Vavuniya.

Three -wheeler and motorcycle drivers were injured in the Vavuniya Hospital. (A)



# The health impact of the protesters

*2024-03-22 03:34:48*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/போராட்டக்காரர்களின்-உடல்நிலை-பாதிப்பு/175-335004)

The doctors who examined them have warned that water levels are decreasing in the body of four people who are engaged in a food struggle in Jaffna, condemning the violation of Indian fishermen.

Yall. Four fishermen in Jaffna last Tuesday demanding the stopping of the activities of Indian fishermen who are engaged in fishing in the Kudab area.. They launched a food avoidance struggle at the gate to the Indian consulate.

Yesterday evening, the body of the fishermen who were involved in the protest were tired and the doctor was summoned to the place and examined the physical condition.

...



# UNP. Arun Siddharth appointed organizer

*2024-03-22 03:30:39*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/ஐ-தே-க-அமைப்பாளராக-அருண்-சித்தார்த்-நியமனம்/175-335003)

Ravi Karunanayake, Deputy Leader of the National Party and former finance minister, announced the issue at a meeting held at a private hall in Jaffna yesterday evening.. (A)



# 32 Indian fishermen

*2024-03-22 03:25:14*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/32-இந்திய-மீனவர்களுக்கு-விளக்கமறியல்/175-335002)

32 Indian fishermen who have crossed the border into the Sri Lankan waters have been detained.

The Navy has arrested three boats and 25 fishermen from India in Tamil Nadu and 25 fishermen from the sea.

Similarly, two fishing boats and seven fishermen were arrested by the Navy.

A total of 32 Indian fishermen have been jailed with 5 boats for fishing across the border and handed over to the Mannar and Jaffna Fisheries Department and are being held in court.

Accordingly, 25 fishermen arrested in the Jaffna Sea have been remanded until April 5 next month.

...



# "Show Sri Lanka's history to the future generation of my desire. '

*2024-03-22 02:21:21*

[bbccomsinhala](https://www.bbc.com/sinhala/articles/c51m9rzd47do)

None contains none of this.

In the Galle Fort, the tourist paradise, there is a museum available for local and foreign tourists.

The businessman is a collection of private artifacts.

In 1992, his father launched this museum, and the ancient times in the colonial era and the previous ancient things were exhibited.

'' I think some of the things here are the only things in the world. Show Sri Lanka's History to the next generation. I don't charge a penny for local or foreign tourists. "



# Interesting tales from a country of mixed fortunes - EDITORIAL

*2024-03-22 01:32:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/opinion/Interesting-tales-from-a-country-of-mixed-fortunes-EDITORIAL/172-279363)

Sri Lanka is a country of mixed fortunes to a total outsider. There is news of doctors leaving the shores in numbers and also tourists arriving in droves to enjoy the scenic beauty of the country.

According to health sector sources as many as close to 450 medical professionals had left the country during recent times because they were not satisfied with what it had to offer them.

...



# Rachel Corrie and USS Liberty: The Hannibal Doctrine in US diplomacy

*2024-03-22 01:28:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/opinion/Rachel-Corrie-and-USS-Liberty-The-Hannibal-Doctrine-in-US-diplomacy/172-279361)

File picture: A Palestinian girl holds posters of US peace activist Rachel Corrie, who was killed by an Israeli army bulldozer in 2003, during a protest marking the anniversary of her death at a refugee camp in Rafah in 2013. AFP

...



# Sustaining reform momentum critical for lasting recovery: IMF

*2024-03-22 01:24:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Sustaining-reform-momentum-critical-for-lasting-recovery-IMF/108-279352)

Says continued progress towards the introduction of property tax is critical

Asserts it is important to continue to rebuild external buffers through strong reserves accumulation

Urges SL to reach agreements in principle with the main external private creditors in line with programme parameters in a timely manner

Sri Lanka has made significant progress, despite its circumstances, in implementing its ambitious reform agenda. However, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) asserted it is necessary for the island nation to stay on course so that it reaches the aspired goals.

...



# Govt. approval rating dips to 7% in February

*2024-03-22 01:16:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/opinion/Govt-approval-rating-dips-to-7-in-February/172-279345)

The approval rating of the government fell from 9% in October 2023 to 7% in February 2024, according to the latest round of the Gallup style ‘Mood of the Nation’ poll of Verité Research.

The survey showed that only 9% rated the current economic conditions as either excellent or good, which is a drop from 16% in October 2023.

Ninety percent thought that the economic conditions in the country were getting worse, whereas in October 2023 only 66% had this negative view.

...



# Biggest mysteries in Aviation history

*2024-03-22 01:05:00*

[islandlk](http://island.lk/biggest-mysteries-in-aviation-history/)

Humans, for generations, would have been envious of birds as the freedom of the skies was entirely theirs. Born with abilities of terrestrial pursuits, humans soon took to water and mastered the art of transport in water too but attempts at flying like birds were in vain, most ending in disaster! However, myths abound. Daedalus, the engineer and his son, Icarus, are supposed to have flown with wings of wax and feather, according to Greek legend.

...



# All performances in Kandy Esala Perahera including dance elements to be gazetted

*2024-03-21 23:56:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/All-performances-in-Kandy-Esala-Perahera-including-dance-elements-to-be-gazetted/108-279342)

Colombo, March 21 (Daily Mirro) - There are discussions to gazette all the performance items, including dance elements presented during the annual Esala Perahera festival by the Sri Dalada Maligawa and the Satara Maha Devalayas, Diyawadana Nilame Pradeep Nilanga Dela said.

The discussions were held with the President's Secretary, Saman Ekanayake, today. The Diyawadana Nilame pointed out that by gazetting all the items, including the dance elements, they will not be distorted in the future.

...



# Bangladesh have 'high expectations' for Sri Lanka Test series

*2024-03-21 23:54:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Bangladesh-have-high-expectations-for-Sri-Lanka-Test-series/108-279343)

Mar. 21 Sylhet, (AFP) - Bangladesh host a "formidable" Sri Lanka in a two-match Test series starting on Friday and ambitions are growing after years of struggle.

Bangladesh finished last in the 2021-2023 World Test Championship, winning just one of their 12 matches.

But in their previous Test series, against New Zealand in November-December, Bangladesh won the first match in Sylhet before losing the second in Dhaka after a close fight.

"We have high expectations," Bangladesh coach Chandika Hathurusingha told reporters in Sylhet ahead of the first Test, part of the 2023–25 World Test Championship cycle.

...



# Ready to work with China - Australian Prime Minister

*2024-03-21 22:37:23*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/චීනය-සමග-එක්ව-ක්‍රියා-කිරීමට-සූදානම්---ඕස්ට්‍රේලියානු-අගමැති/11-408751)

Australian-China relationships should not be defined through changes and disagreements should not be defined as much as possible, Australia Anthony Albenai said.

He was speaking to the Chinese Foreign Minister of Sri Lanka yesterday (20) with Chinese Foreign Minister of Canberra yesterday.

The Australian-Chinese relationships are pleased to hold the right-to-level closer exchanges with China over the past two years, and the Prime Minister said.He also agreed to expand collaboration with mutual benefits of various fields.

...



# Ships, ports, total maritime industry to be converted into zero missions soon

*2024-03-21 22:36:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Ships-ports-total-maritime-industry-to-be-converted-into-zero-missions-soon/108-279340)

Colombo, March 21 (Daily Mirror) - The Ports, Shipping, and Aviation Ministry is to convert the ships, ports, and total maritime industry to zero emissions in the future.

Addressing an event organized to declare ‘National Seafarers Day’ today, Minister Nimal Siripala de Silva said, as far as the maritime industry is concerned, the primitive maritime industry is no more there. We are going to zero emissions such as ammonia, hydrogen, and green energy.

...



# UN and the European Union demand a quick ceasefire to Gaza

*2024-03-21 22:34:32*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/එක්සත්-ජාතීන්-හා-යුරෝපා-සංගමය-ගාසා-තීරයට-ඉක්මන්-සටන්-විරාමයක්-ඉල්ලයි/11-408750)

The European Union and the United Nations calls for the parties to implement a speedy ceasefire in Gaza.

This is stated in a joint statement issued by the European Commission Chairman of the European Commission and the UN Secretary General Antonio Gutaraz yesterday (20).

Current Gaza is facing a serious famine. The European Union and the United Nations calls for an agreeable ceasefire and release people in detention. The publication states that both humanitarian subsidies are requested to set the necessary background to be given to Gaza.

...



# Delhi Chief Minister Kejriwal arrested in excise policy case

*2024-03-21 22:34:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98117/delhi-chief-minister-kejriwal-arrested-in-excise-policy-case)

Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal was arrested by India’s Enforcement Directorate (ED) on Thursday night in an excise policy-linked money laundering case, officials said.

The arrest, the first of a sitting chief minister, came hours after the Delhi High Court refused to grant protection to Kejriwal from any coercive action by the agency.

Soon after the high court order, an ED team reached his residence and carried out searches. Subsequently, he was arrested, officials said.

...



# The Dalada Perahera is a gazette

*2024-03-21 22:16:05*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/දළදා-පෙරහර-අනාගතයට-රැක-දෙන්න-ගැසට්ටුවක්/11-408749)

Diyawadana Nilame Pradeep Nilanga Dela says that the Sri Dasda Maligawa and four dance elements presented by the Sri Danasha Maligawa and four dance elements presented by the Mount Kandy Esala Perahera.

He said that it would not be possible to distort the Perahera in any case in the future.

The discussion held at the Sri Dalada Maligawanwarder at the Sri Dalada Maliganayake at the Sri Dalada Maligakawardena, the participation of the party and facilitate the support of the Kandy-Esala Perahera."

...



# President's happy announcement to public servants

*2024-03-21 22:15:39*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/அரச-ஊழியர்களுக்கு-ஜனாதிபதியின்-மகிழ்ச்சியான-அறிவிப்பு/175-335001)

The President said that the salary of public servants will be increased by 10,000 rupees within the Tamil Sinhala New Year this year.

As a result, the public servants were given a 5000/- salary increase last January. The remaining 5000/- will be provided within the next New Year, the President said.

The President said this while addressing the opening of a newly built gold fence at the Mangalam Tempidi Antique Division of Kegalle. Remble



# SriLankan Airlines operates in danger of Korea Dreams

*2024-03-21 22:10:43*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/තරුණයන්ගේ-කොරියා-සිහින-අනතුරේ-දාන-ශ්‍රී-ලංකන්-ගුවන්-සේවය/11-408748)

217 Sri Lankans who were due to be sent by Sri Lankan Aircraft on the Sri Lanka Bureau of Foreign Employment (HR) to the Incheon of Sri Lanka (HR) on a Sri Lankan aircraft on an industrial vehicle, the flight delayedA press release issued by the Corporate Communication Division in the 5th afternoon that SriLankanan Communications Division had taken place to do so.

According to the statement, 117 Sri Lankan employees have been departed from the Bandaranaike International Airport at 07.2 am on the following flight.

SriLankan Airlines has also planned to take 100 remains on Sunday of Sunday, the 100 Sri Lankans.

...



# Amazing amazing wealth, earned in 30 years

*2024-03-21 22:07:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194795)

The Illegal Asset Investigation Division of the Commission in Nikaweratiya, who was illegal liquor, has been taken over by the Illegal Asset Division of the Testing Department of Nikaweratiya today (21st).

The suspect and movable property has been handed over to the excavation of more than 30 years of illegal liquor racket.

A total of Rs.

Also, an illegal assets inquiry has been taken over by an illegal van of over Rs.

The person has been revealed that the man was arrested nearly forty time in relation to illegal liquor racket.

The CID is due to report to the Kurunegala High Court in the future.



# Sri Lankan family in Canada donates ICU beds worth Rs. 400 Mn to SL

*2024-03-21 21:54:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/top-story/Sri-Lankan-family-in-Canada-donates-ICU-beds-worth-Rs-400-Mn-to-SL/155-279341)

Colombo, March 21 (Daily Mirror) - A total of 157 cutting-edge Intensive Care Unit (ICU) beds worth over Rs. 470 million were donated to the Sri Lankan government by a Sri Lankan family living in Canada.

This generous contribution has been made at the behest of Rev. Fr. Darrel Coonghe, the Director and Founder of Supuwath Arana in Seeduwa.

The donation ceremony took place at the Colombo Logistics Terminals (Pvt) Ltd in Welisara today (21).

...



# Sri Lankan family in Canada donates ICU beds worth Rs. 400 Mn to SL

*2024-03-21 21:54:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Sri-Lankan-family-in-Canada-donates-ICU-beds-worth-Rs-400-Mn-to-SL/108-279341)

Colombo, March 21 (Daily Mirror) - A total of 157 cutting-edge Intensive Care Unit (ICU) beds worth over Rs. 470 million were donated to the Sri Lankan government by a Sri Lankan family living in Canada.

This generous contribution has been made at the behest of Rev. Fr. Darrel Coonghe, the Director and Founder of Supuwath Arana in Seeduwa.

The donation ceremony took place at the Colombo Logistics Terminals (Pvt) Ltd in Welisara today (21).

...



# 32 Indian fishermen arrested for poaching in Sri Lankan waters

*2024-03-21 21:53:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98116/32-indian-fishermen-arrested-for-poaching-in-sri-lankan-waters)

Sri Lanka Navy says 05 Indian trawlers were seized and 32 Indian fishermen were apprehended for poaching in Sri Lankan waters off Talaimannar and near the Delft Island during separate operations conducted to chase away Indian poaching trawlers from Sri Lankan waters.

The North Central and Northern Naval Commands deployed their Inshore Petrol Craft and Fast Attack Craft to chase away a cluster of Indian poaching trawlers, having spotted they were engaging in illegal fishing in Sri Lankan waters in the dark hours of March 20, the SLN media unit said.

...



# IMF. Second Review Successful - $ 337 million as Third Premium

*2024-03-21 21:51:03*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/අයි-එම්-එෆ්--දෙවැනි-සමාලෝචනය-සාර්ථකයි---තෙවැනි-වාරිකය-ලෙස-ඩොලර්-මිලියන-337ක්/11-408747)

The second review of the IMF has successfully completed the second review of a precious financial facility implemented by Sri Lanka.

Accordingly, Sri Lanka is to receive US $ 337 million as the third loan installment.

Accordingly, the total debt of the International Monetary Fund has received is US $ 1 billion.



# Delhi Chief Minister arrested

*2024-03-21 21:37:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194794)



# Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar unexpectedly quits

*2024-03-21 21:24:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98115/irish-prime-minister-leo-varadkar-unexpectedly-quits)

(Reuters) - Leo Varadkar announced on Wednesday he was stepping down as Ireland’s prime minister in a surprise move, saying the country’s coalition government would stand a better chance of reelection under another leader.

Varadkar’s Fine Gael party will open nominations for a new leader on Thursday with the results to be announced on April 5. Parliament would then vote on that person succeeding Varadkar as prime minister after it returns from Easter recess on April 9.

...



# IMF bill is a good cure for economy but it is very painful: Ports Minister

*2024-03-21 21:20:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/IMF-bill-is-a-good-cure-for-economy-but-it-is-very-painful-Ports-Minister/108-279339)

Colombo, March 21 (Daily Mirror) - President Ranil Wickremesinghe has been able to make up the economy of the country to a certain extent with the assistance of the International Monetary Fund (IMF), Ports, Shipping and Aviation Minister Nimal Siripala de Silva said.

While officially declaring March 21 as 'National Seafarers' Day' in Sri Lanka today, the minister said that the IMF bill is a good cure for the economy, but it is very painful.

It is very painful, especially for the lower middle-class people and the poorest of the poor in the country. If not, we cannot survive the bill, but ultimately we will recover.

...



# The Black River Smoking Two

*2024-03-21 21:11:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194793)

Two youths were drowned in the Kalu River in Kiriella, Ratnapura.

The deceased is a 17-year-old schoolge, a 17-year-old schoolge in Ellagamuwa and a resident of the 23-year-old Horowpathana area in Horowpathana.

The bodies have been placed at the Kiriella hospital while Kiriella police are conducting further investigations.



# More about the shooting shooter in Ganemulla

*2024-03-21 20:54:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194792)

More information about the underworld was revealed in an excavation of the heaval last night with STFFes of Police (21) at Ganemulla last night.

The deceased has been a 28-year-old, a 28-year-old, is a resident of Eheliyagoda.

He was close to the brother of Patta Manju and found a Micro pistol pistol-bullet, a micro pistol and bullets in the place where shooting.

Meanwhile, after the death of the shooter, the inquiry officials have also been found to have telephoned another.

Two persons from a motorcycle on March 9 had fled the drug dealer named Kudu Anju in Ja-Elan.

...



# SriLankan Airlines clarifies UL 470 flight delay

*2024-03-21 20:47:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/SriLankan-Airlines-clarifies-UL-470-flight-delay/108-279338)

Colombo, March 21 (Daily Mirror) - In the wake of the incident where SriLankan Airlines Flight UL 470, scheduled for Incheon, South Korea, faced an unexpected delay on March 19, the Airlines has issued a statement regarding the incident.

The statement said the delay, attributed to a technical issue, lasted approximately 13 hours from the originally planned departure time. However, the Airlines ensured the comfort and convenience of all 217 passengers on board.

...



# Special Transport

*2024-03-21 20:44:31*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/பண்டிகையை-முன்னிட்டு-விசேட-போக்குவரத்து/175-335000)

The Ministry of Transport has issued a directive to implement the Special Public Transport Program from April 5 to 15 in view of the Sinhala -Tamil New Year and Ramadan festival.

The Secretary to the Transport Ministry has announced this in writing to the Sri Lanka Transport Board, National Transport Commission, Railway Department and Provincial Road Passenger Transport Authority.

The Sri Lanka Transport Board and the National Transport Commission said that bus services will be held from the Colombo Central Bus Stand and the Bestian Mawatha Private Bus Station to the villagers from Colombo.. Remble



# The crime of a 15 year old girl

*2024-03-21 20:02:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194791)

The police emergency call had received a call a few days ago that a 15-year-old girl was not home in Saliyawewa Siriyawewa Siriyawewa.

Accordingly, the Saliyawewa police state to investigate the Saliyawewa police station while in the jungle.

In the interrogation of the 15-year-old girl, she told the police that his parents also had a romance with the young man with consent.

She had told the police that he had been sexually abused by the 28-year-old youth during a number of occasions.

It has also revealed that three other persons living in the area have abused her on several occasions since 2021.

...



# India’s Congress party accuses government of freezing accounts

*2024-03-21 19:49:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Indias-Congress-party-accuses-government-of-freezing-accounts/108-279337)

March 21, (Al Jazeera) - The Congress party, India’s main opposition political group, has accused Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s government of stifling democracy and “crippling” the party by freezing its bank accounts in a tax dispute ahead of the general election.

India will hold a six-week election starting next month, with the Congress-led alliance pitted against Modi’s heavily funded Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).

Former Congress chief Rahul Gandhi on Thursday told reporters in New Delhi the party is unable to campaign properly with its accounts frozen by the income tax department.

...

