# #SriLanka :sri_lanka: News Bulletin

<div id="news_lk_bulletin">

*Updated* **2024-04-16 20:01:57**

1. **Former Secretary of State Palitha Thevarapperuma passed away** after being electrocuted at his home. He was admitted to **Nagoda Hospital** following the incident. Palitha Thevarapperuma was a former Member of Parliament of the **United National Party (UNP)** and former Minister of Wildlife. [virakesarilk]

2. **Sri Lanka fast bowler Matheesha Pathirana** delivered a match-winning performance for **Chennai Super Kings (CSK)** against Mumbai Indians, taking four wickets for 28 runs. This performance kept CSK in the third spot of the points table, very much in the running for play-offs. [dailymirrorlk]

3. **The founder of the Sarvodaya Shramadana Movement of Sri Lanka, Dr. A.T. Ariyaratne**, passed away at the age of 93. He passed away at a private hospital in Colombo. Sarvodaya has been active throughout Sri Lanka since 1958. [adaderanalk]

4. **The Court of Appeal has ordered the suspension of the previous allocation of quotas for Haj pilgrims for 2024** and to include an aggrieved travel agent for proper allocation. Sri Lanka had been allocated 3,500 pilgrims this year which had been allocated to different travel agents. [dailymirrorlk]

5. **The Meteorology Department has issued a Heat Index Advisory** for Northern, North-central, Eastern, and North-Western provinces and Gampaha, Colombo districts for tomorrow. The temperature felt on the human body is expected to increase up to ‘Caution level’ at some places in these areas. [adaderanalk]

6. **The Road Development Authority (RDA) reports that expressways have generated an income of Rs. 235 million** within the past six days from 10 - 15 April. This year’s expressway revenue improved by approximately Rs. 80 million during the Sinhala and Tamil New Year season, in comparison to 2023. [adaderanalk]

7. **Singapore offers 200 auxiliary police officer vacancies for Sri Lankans**. Walk-in interviews for these vacancies will be held at the SLFEA office in Nawala. Applicants are requested to complete application forms online and bring their Certificate of Advanced Level or IELTS along with their passport for the interview. [dailymirrorlk]

8. **The Department of Agriculture has recommended the cultivation of MD 2**, one of the most delicious pineapples in the world, in Sri Lanka. A study conducted to cultivate the MD 2 type of pineapple with sweet taste and low acidity has been a success. [virakesarilk]

9. **Despite an abundance of eggs and chicken in the country, prices have surged** due to the inadequate supply to meet the demand, according to the All Island Poultry Association (AIPA) President Ajith Gunasekara. [dailymirrorlk]

10. **The US dollar purchasing price was Rs 294.2057 and the sales price were Rs 303.5476**, based on the Central Bank's currency exchange rate on Tuesday (April 16). [virakesarilk]

</div>

[Previous](data) Bulletins

## Methodology

This bulletin has been autogenerated by OpenAI's [gpt-4-0125-preview](https://platform.openai.com/docs/models/gpt-4-and-gpt-4-turbo) model, with the following prompt:

*Extract objective facts from this set of news articles, that might be of practical use to ordinary Sri Lankans,and present as 10 detailed bullets. EXCLUDE news not directly relevant to Sri Lanka. DO NOT duplicate repeat news articles. EXCLUDE political opinions/statements by politicians. EXCLUDE marketing/propaganda. DO mention the name of the source, as "[newspaper]". EMPHASIZE named entities and statistics in bold.*

## Source News

Based on **182** News Articles, from the last **21** hours.

# Palitha Devapperuma dies after electricity!

*2024-04-16 19:34:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181258)

Former Secretary of State Palitha Thevarapperuma has died after being electrocuted, Nagoda Hospital sources said.

The hospital spokesman said that he was admitted to the Nagoda Hospital when he was hit by electricity when he went to connect two electrical circuits in the house.

Palitha Thevarapperuma is a former Member of Parliament of the United National Party (UNP) and former Minister of Wildlife.



# Chithira Spring Celebration in Nuwara Eliya

*2024-04-16 19:29:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181257)

Lokendran Ravikumar, who paid a Her and knight horse in the Royal Tarve Club Gavamen (Governor) Bowl Racing, was a part of the Spring New Year's celebration of the Spring New Year in Nuwara Eliya.

Lokendran Ravikumar, a horse -rise (Jogi) village in the village of Race Goos, has made the village and the Nuwara Eliya district proud by winning the most important horse racing competition.

The Nuwara Eliya Royal Tarve Club was held on Sunday (15) to attract domestic and foreign tourists.

The most important governors (governor) bowled horse race won the Hear and knight horse and Lokendran Ravikumar paid the horse.

...



# How does CSK get best out of Pathirana?

*2024-04-16 19:28:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/How-does-CSK-get-best-out-of-Pathirana/108-280785)

Colombo, April 16 (Daily Mirror) - Sri Lanka fast bowler Matheesha Pathirana delivered another match-winning performance for Chennai Super Kings (CSK) on Sunday when they defeated Mumbai Indians fairly comfortably.

The right arm quick ended up taking four wickets for 28 runs keeping  CSK in the third spot of the points, very much in the running for play-offs.

Pathirana has so far played three games in the IPL 2024 capturing eight wickets and the 21-year-old seems to be flourishing in Chennai colours.

...



# Former MP Palitha Thewarapperuma passes away

*2024-04-16 19:15:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98669/former-mp-palitha-thewarapperuma-passes-away)

Former Deputy Minister and former UNP parliamentarian Palitha Thewarapperuma has passed away at the age of 64 years, sources told Ada Derana.

According to unconfirmed reports, the former Kalutara District MP had died from electrocution while his body has been placed at the Kalutara Hospital.

A prominent figure of the United National Party (UNP), Thewarapperuam had served as Deputy Minister of Internal Affairs, Wayamba Development and Cultural Affairs in the UNP-led national government in 2015.

...



# Former MP Palitha Thewarapperuma dies from electrocution

*2024-04-16 19:13:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Former-MP-Palitha-Thewarapperuma-dies-from-electrocution/108-280784)

Kalutara, April 16 (Daily Mirror) - Former Deputy Minister Palitha Thewarapperuma has died from electrocution this evening.

It was reported that he was electrocuted when he attempted to connect two electrical circuits at his home and died after being admitted to the Nagoda Hospital.

Born on 3 May 1960,  Thewarapperuma was a former member of Parliament from the UNP.

He was given the position of Deputy Minister of Internal Affairs, Wayamba Development and Cultural Affairs in the United National Party led national government in 2015.



# Sarvodaya founder Dr. A.T. Ariyaratne passes away

*2024-04-16 19:11:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98668/sarvodaya-founder-dr-at-ariyaratne-passes-away)

The founder of the Sarvodaya Shramadana Movement of Sri Lanka, Dr. A.T. Ariyaratne has passed away at the age of 93.

The former Constitutional Council (CC) member had passed away on Tuesday (16) at a private hospital in Colombo, according to family sources.

Sri Lankabhimanya Ahangamage Tudor Ariyaratne is the Founder and the President Emeritus of the Sarvodaya Shramadana Movement of Sri Lanka, a grass-roots humanitarian organization based on the concept of ‘sharing of labour, thought and energy for the awakening of all’.

Sarvodaya has been active throughout Sri Lanka since 1958 despite numerous hardships it has faced over the years.

...



# Palitha Thevaraperuma kills electricity

*2024-04-16 18:59:02*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/பாலித-தெவரபெரும-மின்சாரம்-தாக்கி-பலி/175-335995)

The hospital spokesman said that he was admitted to the Nagoda Hospital when he went to connect two electrical circuits in the house.

Postalitha Thevarapperuma is a former United National Party (UNP) Member of Parliament and former Minister of Wildlife.



# “We don't care who will join”

*2024-04-16 18:26:25*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/யார்-இணைவார்கள்-என்பது-எங்களுக்கு-கவலையில்லை/175-335994)

The United National Party today has called for all political parties to join hands, emphasizing that this is the time to forget party politics.

“What we think is a joint venture beyond party politics. The General Secretary of the United National Party, Palitha Range Bandara, said that we are invited to join hands with all political parties to achieve the common goal of transforming Sri Lanka into a stable country.

In response to a question raised by journalists whether the United National Party would welcome the Sri Lanka Freedom Party (SLFP) members, as the Sri Lanka Freedom Party (SLFP) is currently facing a crisis.

...



# Attention to the development of pico trail.

*2024-04-16 18:19:25*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/පිකෝ-ට්‍රේල්-මංපෙත-සංවර්ධනයට-අවධානය-/11-409108)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe visited the Cot Lodge Estate owned by the Plantation Company in Nuwara Eliya this morning.

"The President join the visit through the Pico Trail (PEKO TRAIL) trail.

"Pico Trail" is a route of about 300 km riding through the central hills of Sri Lanka. It is considered one of the best secret roads in Asia.

"Pico Trail" is heading down from Kandy and heads to the Hatton and Horton Plains National Park.. This road was used to transport tea to the factory during the British colonial period.

The President visited the Pico Trail "rolls along the" Pico Trail "route.

...



# Court Judgment on Hajj Allocation

*2024-04-16 18:19:17*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/ஹஜ்-ஒதுக்கீடுகள்-குறித்து-நீதிமன்றம்-தீர்ப்பு/175-335993)

The Court of Appeal has ordered the suspension of the reservations for the Haj pilgrims for 2024 and the merger of the affected travel agent for proper allocation.

Every year the Saudi Arabian government allocates to every country to manage the arrival of pilgrims.

This year, 3,500 pilgrims have been allocated to Sri Lanka, which has been assigned to different travel agents.

The Court of Appeal has issued an interim order following a petition filed by a travel agent.

The travel agent accused the Haj Committee of canceling its travel license for two years.

...



# Heat advisory issued for several provinces, districts

*2024-04-16 18:19:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98667/heat-advisory-issued-for-several-provinces-districts)

The Meteorology Department has issued a Heat Index Advisory for Northern, North-central, Eastern and North-Western provinces and Gampaha, Colombo districts for tomorrow (17).

Heat index, the temperature felt on human body is expected to increase up to ‘Caution level’ at some places in Northern, North-central, Eastern and North-Western provinces and Gampaha, Colombo districts, it warned.

As per the advisory, under this level of temperature, fatigue is possible with prolonged exposure and activity while continuing activity could result in heat cramps.

...



# Two police officers were remanded again in Medawachchiya incident

*2024-04-16 18:12:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195694)

The case was taken up at the Medawachchiya Magistrate's Court today (16) to the loss of a scrout to a young man.

Mediawachchiya Magistrate Imasha Madhadasa ordered that the case will be taken back to the 24th and remanded the suspects to be summoned again.

The Inspector General of Police was ordered to be referred to the CID to conduct investigations into the incident.

The victim was admitted to the Anuradhapura Teaching Hospital on the 7th and was admitted to the Anuradhapura Teaching Hospital on the 7th and was admitted to the Anuradhapura Teaching Hospital.

...



# Tesla laying off more than 10% of staff globally as sales fall

*2024-04-16 18:03:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Tesla-laying-off-more-than-10-of-staff-globally-as-sales-fall/108-280783)

Berlin, April 15 (Reuters) - Tesla, opens new tab is laying off more than 10% of its global workforce, an internal memo seen by Reuters on Monday shows, as it grapples with falling sales and an intensifying price war for electric vehicles (EVs).

"About every five years, we need to reorganize and streamline the company for the next phase of growth," CEO Elon Musk commented in a post on X. Two senior leaders, battery development chief Drew Baglino and vice president for public policy Rohan Patel, also announced their departures, drawing posts of thanks from Musk although some investors were concerned.

...



# President at Court Lodge Estate

*2024-04-16 18:01:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/caption-story/President-at-Court-Lodge-Estate/110-280782)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe visited the Court Lodge Estate, owned by the Udupusellawa Plantation Company in Nuwara Eliya this morning (16) to explore opportunities for the revival of the tourism industry around the picturesque hills of Nuwara Eliya. Notably, the President embarked on this journey by traversing the Pekoe Trail.



# 380 crores for holding drug traffickers and interrogate

*2024-04-16 17:52:12*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/කෝටි-380-මත්ද්‍රව්‍ය-ජවාරම්කරුවන්-රඳවාගෙන-ප්‍රශ්න-කිරීමට-අවසර/11-409107)

Colombo Additional Magistrate Manjula Ratnayake was detained in the Police Narcotics Bureau until the 22 crore worth over Rs. 22 billion.

The Magistrate also managed to hold a request to the Police Narcotics Bureau to detect the network of drug dealers and interrogation.

In detention dwellers were submitted to the court, saying that the suspects were captured in the courts while they were captured in the Manushage, Sumudun Kumara and Sanjashan Edirisinghe, Manoj Kumara and Talwala.And Suminda Jayatunga, Roshan Kodikara and Devinuwara Susantha are the Buddha.



# Raghava Lawrence supports the traditional art of Tamils

*2024-04-16 17:45:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181247)

Actor and choreographer Raghava is establishing a Lawrence Foundation. The Art Group of the Disabled Persons, which operates under the name of hand, entertains the audience to climb the stage at the participation of Raghava Lawrence.

At this juncture, the group is now learning the art of the Tamil traditional art, Mallar Kambam, and has performed it on stage and receiving the attention and applause of the audience.

The event was held in Chennai. During this time, a group of hand -held men who had been trained in the art of Maller Kambam participated in the arts and a team that taught them the art.

...



# Do you get the reception of digital site fans 'Salt tamarind' ...!?

*2024-04-16 17:45:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181244)

Wherever you have a leisure time, as home, travel and office, the younger generation fans are also increasing to find the works that are released on digital site.

For these fans, leading digital site companies are producing new movies, internet series and shows.

Disney Plus Hot Star, the leading digital site, which has the largest subscribers in India. 'Madagam', 'Label', 'Heart Beat' continued to support fans by providing internet series. Following the winning internet series, the new Internet series has been created under the name of 'Salt Tiger'.

...



# Vishal's 'Ratnam' preview of the bad words

*2024-04-16 17:43:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181248)

The preview of the film 'Ratnam', which will be released in Tamil and Telugu in Tamil and Telugu, has been released on the 26th of this month with 'Revolutionary Commander' Vishal.

Vishal, Priya Bhavani Shankar, Samudrakani, Yogi Babu, Gautam Vasudev Menon have starred in the film 'Ratnam', directed by director Hari, who introduces himself a unique style in the Tamil film industry.

M.. The film, which has been recorded by Sukumar, has composed the film 'Rockstar' Devi Sri Prasad. Producer Karthikeyan Santhanam has produced the film on behalf of Karthik Subburaj's Stone Bench Films for Ji Studios.

...



# Teaser release of 'Hara' starring Mohan

*2024-04-16 17:39:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181249)

The teaser of the movie 'Hara' has been released as the hero of the story after a short break, and the hero of the story, 'Mike Mohan'.

Directed by director Vijay Sri Ji, Mohan, Manol, Yogi Babu, Kaushik, Anitra Nair, Motta Rajendran, Suresh Menon, Vanitha Vijayakumar, Mime Gopi, Adhavan, Singam Tiger, Manopala.

Prakat Munusamy Mano Dinakaran +Mohan +Vijay Sreeji has composed the film and composed the film for the film.. The film was made on behalf of JM Studios and G. Media.. B.. Produced by Mohanraj.

...



# Court of Appeal orders re-allocation of Haj quotas

*2024-04-16 17:17:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Court-of-Appeal-orders-re-allocation-of-Haj-quotas/108-280781)

Colombo, April 16 (Daily Mirror) -  The Court of Appeal has ordered the suspension of the previous allocation of quotas for Haj pilgrims for 2024 and to include an aggrieved travel agent for proper allocation.

Each year the Saudi Arabian government allocates quotas to each country in order to manage the influx of pilgrims.

Sri Lanka had been allocated 3,500 pilgrims this year which had been allocated to different travel agents.

The Court of Appeal made the interim order following a petition filed by a travel agent.

The travel agent alleged that the Haj Committee had arbitrarily suspended their travel license for a period of two years.

...



# Expressway generate revenue of Rs. 235 million in six days

*2024-04-16 17:05:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98666/expressway-generate-revenue-of-rs-235-million-in-six-days)

The Road Development Authority (RDA) says the expressways have generated an income of Rs. 235 million within the past six days from 10 - 15 April.

According to the RDA’s director general, Eng. Priyantha Suriyabandara, this year’s expressway revenue improved by approximately Rs. 80 million during the Sinhala and Tamil New Year season, in comparison to 2023.

During festive seasons, especially the traditional New Year, the RDA collects a substantial amount of revenue from expressways as traffic volume on the thoroughfare surges with many people visiting their hometowns and going on vacations.



# Expressways generate revenue of Rs. 235 million in six days

*2024-04-16 17:05:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98666/expressways-generate-revenue-of-rs-235-million-in-six-days)

The Road Development Authority (RDA) says the expressways have generated an income of Rs. 235 million within the past six days from 10 - 15 April.

According to the RDA’s director general, Eng. Priyantha Suriyabandara, this year’s expressway revenue improved by approximately Rs. 80 million during the Sinhala and Tamil New Year season, in comparison to 2023.

During festive seasons, especially the traditional New Year, the RDA collects a substantial amount of revenue from expressways as traffic volume on the thoroughfare surges with many people visiting their hometowns and going on vacations.



# Not just pharmaceutical fraud in the health sector;679 vehicles belonging to the Ministry of Health are missing - Sajith Premadasa

*2024-04-16 17:05:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181246)

Amidst many challenges in Parliament, the United People's Power has fought the thieves in court due to the exposure of pharmaceuticals and bribery in the health sector.. The Opposition Leader said that although many people have talked about pharmaceutical fraud, the National Audit Office has announced that 679 vehicles belonging to the Ministry of Health have disappeared.

...



# If it is diplomatic to join the changing government, Karunamman is a diplomacy - Jaya Saravana

*2024-04-16 17:03:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181250)

Jaya Sarawana, Deputy Leader of the Tamil United Freedom Alliance and Chief Coordinator of the Tamil United Freedom Alliance (UPFA) and the chief coordinator of the Amman Brigade, said that Karunamman was a diplomat if it was diplomatic to join the changing government.

All the programs launched by the leader of the Amman Regiment are going properly. Hundreds of militants are carrying out programs with us in the Vanni mainland.

...



# Fire spread in historic stock market building in Denmark

*2024-04-16 16:56:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181231)

The historic old stock market building in the middle of the Denmark capital, Copenhagen, was destroyed on Tuesday morning.

The building is one of the oldest buildings of the 17th century Porsche.

When the fire spreads, everyone inside the building has left. No one has been affected until now. People have recovered some historical paintings.

The 400-year Cultural Heritage of Denmark has been set on fire, said Cultural Minister Jakob Engal-Schmid.

It is a short distance of 1625, from the Parliament of Denmark and the Christianfour Palace, called "The Folketing".

...



# President enjoyed the pico trail experience

*2024-04-16 16:52:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195692)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe visited the Coat Lodgestalla estuary of the Plantation in Nuwara Eliya this morning.

"The President join the visit through the Pico Trail (PEKO TRAIL).

"Pico Trail" is a route of about 300 kilometers run through the central hills of Sri Lanka. It is considered one of the best secret roads in Asia.

This pico trail is the well-known city of Kandy and heads to the Horton Plains of the Horton and Horton Plains.. Then it moves to the east across Haputale and Falls and pass around the city of beautiful Nuwara Eliya. This road was used to transport tea to the factory during the British colonial period.

...



# Four injured tree injunions

*2024-04-16 16:46:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195691)

Four were injured in a crash, collapsing the slippery tree collapsing during a festival.

The accident had occurred in general area Rajaiwela, Gampola yesterday (15).

It is said that it has collapsed during the festival of the festival.

Four people were injured in the crash at the time of the sake of the slippery tree.



# Minister Douglas is the Loose of the Tamil people - the Vice Chancellor of Jaffna

*2024-04-16 16:32:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181245)

Minister Douglas Devananda, the Vice Chancellor of the Jaffna University, C. Sirisakkunarasa, said that the Dharma Devananda, the burden of the Tamil people, and the democratic means of the armed struggle, and the democratic means of the Tamil people, have been beneficial to the Tamil people and the country.

He said this while addressing the special event organized by the Jaffna University Democratic Employees Union to highlight the 10th anniversary.

At the time he was a young man, he recalled what his actions were.

...



# Fire at Nuwara Eliya Lindula Child Care Center

*2024-04-16 16:28:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181241)

A fire incident at the Creedweston Calcutta Estate Division, which belongs to the Nuwara Eliya Lindulai police division, took place at around 2 am today (16) at around 2 am.

Lindula police, who are investigating the incident, said that the children who were operating in the Calcutta estate had suffered a sudden fire.

Police are also investigating whether the fire was caused by electricity or whether someone was on fire.

At the same time, the children's development center is found near the people's residential area.

...



# Police Constable arrested for illegally entering the land and breaking down woman's 14 teeth

*2024-04-16 16:23:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181239)

A police constable has been arrested in connection with a fourteenth incident in connection with a fourteen teeth attacked by a resident of the land.

Subsequently, he was produced at the Keppithikollawa Magistrate's Court on the 13th of last month.

According to police sources, the woman was receiving treatment at the Anuradhapura Teaching Hospital and that the dentists were examining him and stretching fourteen teeth in fourteen teeth.

Kapukkollawa police say that a 40 -year -old woman has been arrested on suspicion of a 40 -year -old woman.



# President promises to find out on estate workers' salary

*2024-04-16 16:23:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195689)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe says he will look into the daily wage of estate workers.

The President said that companies and the trade unions are looking into the matter.

He was responding to a query meeting on the Cot Lodge Estate owned by the Plantation Company in Nuwara Eliya this morning (16).

"I'm going to ask the Unionus. I think it's good to take what's promised right now. Later about the land ... 2-3 acres of acres. Asked Unions 1500. I think they're ready to give 1000. The other one can take the insint together. I'll ask what happened. "



# Lightning and unusually heavy rain in Pakistan kill at least 39

*2024-04-16 16:10:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98665/lightning-and-unusually-heavy-rain-in-pakistan-kill-at-least-39)

At least 39 people have been killed in Pakistan after days of unusually heavy rains battered the country’s southwest.

Some of those killed were farmers struck by lightning while harvesting wheat, authorities said.

Images online show swathes of farmland engulfed by rainwater. Flash floods have also disrupted power supplies and transportation networks.

Pakistan has experienced an increase in extreme weather events, as it grapples with the impacts of climate change.

...



# Maxwell makes surprise request ahead of T20 World Cup

*2024-04-16 16:07:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Maxwell-makes-surprise-request-ahead-of-T20-World-Cup/108-280777)

April 16 - Experienced Australia all-rounder Glenn Maxwell has revealed he asked to sit out a recent Indian Premier League (IPL) match to give himself a 'mental and physical break' ahead of June's ICC Men's T20 World Cup.

Maxwell watched on from the sidelines as his Royal Challengers Bengaluru (RCB) fell to a 25-run loss to Sunrisers Hyderabad on Monday, with the Australia star admitting after the match that he had asked team management to omit him from the side.

...



# Problem problems from wide theories ......!

*2024-04-16 16:00:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181236)

New Year celebrations this time did not weed up compared to the past. Fireworks and fireworks, which were traditionally connected to the New Year's birth, were much lower than the past.



# Why was he killed in sleep?

*2024-04-16 15:21:30*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/නිදියහනේදීම-ඔහුව-ඝාතනය-වූයේ-ඇයි-/11-409105)

Mount Lavinia Police have reportedly reportedly believed that a person has died due to a sharp weapon in Mount Lavinia.

The deceased is a 52-year-old boy in Ratmalana area.

It has been revealed that two unidentified persons have been delayed by two unidentified people in their homes in their homes.. There is no manner in the murder and Mount Lavinia Police are conducting further investigations.



# Ecomoffs prepare for a group of employees home

*2024-04-16 15:18:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195688)

The company has decided to remove a percentage of employees working in Tesla electronic manufacturing factories.

By December, the world's largest motor vehicle manufacturer, the world's largest motor vehicle manufacturer, was served with 140,473 employees around the world.



# NextGenSL facilitates cross-party collaboration

*2024-04-16 15:17:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/NextGenSL-facilitates-cross-party-collaboration/108-280775)

Colombo, April 16 (Daily Mirror) - Marking a landmark initiative aimed at fostering cross-party cooperation, NextGenSL, a platform dedicated to empowering young leaders from the main political camps, convened representatives from 15 political parties for a two-day consultation session.

The gathering culminated in the development of an initial draft for a cross-party governance and economic development framework, signaling a new step forward in Sri Lanka's political landscape.

...



# Sri Lanka fails to reach deal with Ad Hoc Bondholders on ISBs

*2024-04-16 15:16:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98664/sri-lanka-fails-to-reach-deal-with-ad-hoc-bondholders-on-isbs)

The government of Sri Lanka has concluded the initial restricted discussions with nine members of the Steering Committee of the Ad Hoc Group of Bondholders regarding its international sovereign bonds (ISBs).

During the discussions, which spanned over the past three weeks (Restricted Period), Sri Lanka was joined by its legal and financial advisors Clifford Chance and Lazard, respectively, while the restricted members of the Steering Committee were joined by the Group’s legal and financial advisors, White & Case and Rothschild & Co., respectively.

...



# UNP calls on all parties to join hands

*2024-04-16 15:06:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/UNP-calls-on-all-parties-to-join-hands/108-280774)

Colombo, April 16 (Daily Mirror)- Stressing that it is time to forget party politics, the United National Party (UNP) today invited all political parties to join hands to create a stable nation.

“What we are thinking of is a joint effort which goes beyond party politics. Therefore we invite all political parties to join hands to achieve the common goal of making Sri Lanka a stable nation,” UNP General Secretary Palitha Range Bandara said.

He said this in response to a question raised by journalists whether the UNP will welcome SLFP members to join hands, now that  the latter is facing a crisis.

...



# Cake production has been reduced due to the increase in egg prices!

*2024-04-16 14:59:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181230)

The Bakery Owners Association said that bakery owners did not produce cake during the festive season due to the increase in egg prices.

The president of the association NK said that the owners of large -scale bakeries made about 25 per cent of the cake products.. Jayawardena told a media briefing held today (16).



# 39 killed in Pakistan from sea and lightning

*2024-04-16 14:49:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195687)

According to the media reports, 39 people have been killed in southwestern heavy rainfall and lightning accidents.

Most of the deceased are the farmers and is said to be the farmers and they have been affected by lightning while they are harvesting.

A large number of farmer lands have been flooded due to heavy rainfall.

It is reported that electricity supply and transport services are also hampered.

Over 1700 people were killed and more than 1700 people were killed and more than 17,000 were injured in accidents caused by Pakistan in 2022.



# Train crashing on platform: Driver suspended

*2024-04-16 14:43:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Train-crashing-on-platform-Driver-suspended/108-280773)

Colombo, April 16 (Daily Mirror) - The service of the driver of the train that crashed on to the railway platform at the Colombo Fort railway station has been suspended, Railways Deputy General Manager N.J. Indipolage said.

He said an investigation into the incident was held and the final decision on the service of the driver will be taken after the report is received.

The train, which was scheduled to depart for Chillaw, crashed on to platform No. 1 of the Colombo Fort Railway Station when commencing its journey from Colombo Fort to Chilaw at 2:35 p.m. yesterday.

...



# Mother Bhupathi tributes in Vavuniya

*2024-04-16 14:42:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181216)

The 36th commemoration of the patriotic Anna Bhupathi was celebrated in Vavuniya today.

The Tamil National People's Munnani arrangement was brought to all districts in the North and East today before the struggle of relatives of the missing persons in Vavuniya.

The President of the Relatives of the Disappeared. Jayavanitha loaded the eagle and paid a floral tribute to the mother's garland.



# Sydney knife attack hero welcome to stay in Australia, PM says

*2024-04-16 14:41:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Sydney-knife-attack-hero-welcome-to-stay-in-Australia-PM-says/108-280772)

SYDNEY, April 16 (Reuters) - A French national who confronted a knife-wielding attacker during a rampage in a mall in the Sydney suburb of Bondi is welcome to stay in Australia for as long as he wants, Prime Minister Anthony Albanese said on Tuesday.

Six people were killed and 12 hurt in Saturday's attack at the beachside mall, one of the city's worst violent crimes in recent years. The attacker, identified as Joel Cauchi, was shot down by Inspector Amy Scott, who confronted him solo during his rampage.

...



# Couple donated Rs 200 crore

*2024-04-16 14:32:46*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/ரூ-200-கோடி-சொத்தை-தானம்-கொடுத்த-தம்பதி/175-335992)

A millionaire couple from Gujarat has donated Rs 200 crore to the public and accepted the monk.. Also, they are planning to start a spiritual journey soon.

Jain businessmen from Gujarat have done this to Bavesh Bhandari and his wife. They donated all their wealth to the people at an event last February. At the religious event this month, they go to a fully monastic life.

...



# Singapore offers 200 auxilary police officer vacancies for Sri Lankans

*2024-04-16 14:31:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Singapore-offers-200-auxilary-police-officer-vacancies-for-Sri-Lankans/108-280771)

The Sri Lanka Foreign Employement Agency (SLFEA) has announced 200 vacancies in the Singapore auxilary police for Sri Lankans.

According to a notice issued by the SLFEA, walk-in interviews for these vacancies will be held at the SLFEA office in Nawala today (16) and tomorrow (17).

Applicants are requested to complete application forms, accessible online at https://forms.gle/8DzuH5LUooxg4czE6, and bring their Certificate of Advanced Level or IELTS along with their passport for the interview.

For additional inquiries, individuals can contact the SLFEA hotline on 011-2800407



# Steps to cultivate the most delicious pineapple in the world in Sri Lanka

*2024-04-16 14:28:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181224)

The Department of Agriculture has recommended the cultivation of MD 2, one of the most delicious pineapple in the world.

In this case, a study conducted to cultivate the MD 2 type of pineapple with sweet taste and low acidity has been a success.

Therefore, Minister of Agriculture and Plantation Industries Mahinda Amaraweera has advised the Department of Agriculture to take immediate steps to cultivate MD 2.



# No shortages of eggs, chicken in country

*2024-04-16 14:26:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/No-shortages-of-eggs-chicken-in-country/108-280770)

Colombo, April 16 (Daily Mirror) - Despite an abundance of eggs and chicken in the country, prices have surged due to the inadequate supply to meet the demand, All Island Poultry Association (AIPA) President Ajith Gunasekara said.

Sufficient eggs were available in the market by April 5. By that time the price of an egg was Rs.35 in the local market.

But with the higher demand by April 10 in view of the Muslim festival (Eid al-Fitr) and Sinhala and Tamil New Year, the producers were unable to provide the sufficient requirements.

...



# Foods provided at the Colombo National Hospital are substandard!

*2024-04-16 14:22:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181228)

Deputy Director of the Hospital, Dr. Rukshan Bellana, said that a significant amount of food supplied to patients and staff at the Colombo National Hospital is substandard.

He also alleges that sometimes the vegetables provided for the patient's food are somewhat rotten.

The flour and china used for tea provided to patients and employees are found to be expired.

In some cases, the concerned contracting company provides food with unqualified fish.

Dr. Bellana said that many employees have lodged a complaint with the Ministry of Health and that the hospital authorities can do nothing.



# Driver suspended

*2024-04-16 14:20:35*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/நடைமேடையில்-ரயிலை-மோதிய-சாரதி-இடைநிறுத்தம்/175-335991)

A committee has been appointed to investigate the train accident which took place at the Colombo Fort Railway Station yesterday afternoon.

The train was heading to Chilaw when the train reached the first stage of the railway station.

The cause of the accident has not yet been revealed and the train driver has been suspended until the investigation is over.



# Sri Lanka's delicious pineapple variety

*2024-04-16 14:17:00*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/ලොව-රසම-අන්නාසි-ප්‍රභේදය-ලංකාවේත්/11-409104)

Minister of Agriculture Mahinda Amaraweera has advised the Department of Agriculture to promptly recommend the pineapple variety of the world's most popular pineapple variety.

The pineapple variety of the pineapple has not been cultivated for this purpose.

The pineapple varieties of this pineapple variety of delicacies also have also been successful in cultivation of this pineapple variety.



# Wijeyadasa to contest upcoming presidential election?

*2024-04-16 14:15:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98663/wijeyadasa-to-contest-upcoming-presidential-election)

Justice Minister Wijeyadasa Rajapakshe says he has received several requests urging him to run for president in the upcoming election.

Speaking to the media, the lawmaker revealed that the majority of these requests came from the members of the Central Committee of Sri Lanka Freedom Party (SLFP). Additionally, religious leaders including the Maha Sangha have sought the same, he said further.

Rajapakshe said that he would take into account these requests and arrive at a final decision in the coming weeks.

...



# The driver of a train is suspended

*2024-04-16 14:08:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195685)

A committee has been appointed to investigate the train accident in Colombo Fort Railway Station yesterday.

Deputy General Manager of the Railway Department (Transportation). J. Velapola made this statement.

The train had been hit by the platform at the time of the first platform that was due to travel to Chilaw.

The cause of the accident is yet to be ascertained and the railway driver's services have been suspended until the investigation is completed.. Mr. Withanage added.



# An unexpected income from highway

*2024-04-16 13:47:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195684)

The Road Development Authority (Road Development Authority) stated that the revenue on the New Year's Expressions increased by Rs. 80 million compared to last year.

The Director General of the Director General Priyantha Sooriyabandara has commented today (16).

He further stated that the revenue on highways was Rs. 235 million in 6 days from April 10 to the 15th of this year.



# IMF calls for Sri Lanka

*2024-04-16 13:25:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195683)

The Deputy Managing Director Kenji Ocque has called for Sri Lanka to protect the IMF program and run them up to the continuing dedicated victories.

He was speaking at a discussion with State Minister Shehan Semasinghe and the civilians who participated in Washington's Sprinks.

State Minister Shehan Semasinghe and other representatives have joined the Mid-World Sprring Conference on April 15.

The International Monetary Fund, the IMF and other partners, talks will be held in Sri Lanka to end the economic stability, sustainable development and expeditious loan development in the country.

...



# Gujarat businessman, wife donate Rs 200 crore wealth to become monks

*2024-04-16 13:22:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Gujarat-businessman-wife-donate-Rs-200-crore-wealth-to-become-monks/108-280769)

An affluent Jain couple from Gujarat, India has donated nearly ₹ 200 crore and adopted monkhood, and now plans to set out on a journey for salvation.

Bhavesh Bhandari, and his wife, donated all their wealth during a ceremony in February, and will officially commit to a life of renunciation at an event later this month.

...



# Fake doctor trapped at fake medical station

*2024-04-16 13:20:52*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/மட்டக்களப்பு/போலி-மருத்துவ-நிலையத்தில்-போலி-வைத்தியர்-சிக்கினார்/73-335989)

An illegal medical center was identified as an illegal medical center in Sainthamaruthu, Pandaruppu and Maruthamunai areas on Tuesday (16).

The sudden surrounding operation took place under the guidance of Dr. Shakeela Isadheen, Director of Kalmunai Regional Health Services, following the complaints received by the Government Medical Officers Association, Kalmunai Regional Health Services Workshop and Health Medical Officers.

...



# At least 17 dead after flash floods in Oman

*2024-04-16 13:16:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98662/at-least-17-dead-after-flash-floods-in-oman)

At least 17 people have died in flash floods triggered by heavy rain across Oman since Sunday, the country’s National Committee for Emergency Management (NCEM) reports.

On Tuesday, the government suspended the work of employees and workers in the public and private sectors in five governorates, including Musandam, Al Buraimi, Al Dhahirah, and Al Dakhiliyah, due to the weather conditions.

The government has allowed employees to work remotely if possible.

...



# The attack on the face camera

*2024-04-16 13:14:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195682)

A video of the Parliament in Georgia has reportedly reported a video of Parliament.

The video states how a opposition parliamentarian attacks the Leader of the Georgian Dream party in Georgia.

There was a terrible exchange between the opposition group and the parliamentary group of the ruling party.

The conflict between the foreigner's debate on the law, which has been in place between the conflict between the controversy, has been infected with controversy, is restricted.



# A young man who cut his girlfriend and mother

*2024-04-16 13:13:08*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/யாழ்ப்பாணம்/காதலியையும்-தாயையும்-வெட்டிய-இளைஞன்-தன்னுயிரை-மாய்த்தார்/71-335988)

A young man, after cutting his girlfriend and a girlfriend's mother with a sharp weapon, died of his life.

The incident took place in the early hours of Tuesday (16) in Jaffna

The young man and the woman from the area are in love. There has been a conflict between lovers over the past few days. In this case, the young man who had gone to the girlfriend's house and opened the door of the house, entered the house, cut the girlfriend and his mother with a sharp weapon.

Neighbors who hear the noise are rescued by the mother and daughter who have been found with cut wounds and allowed the hospital to the hospital.

...



# A person killed in a district lodge

*2024-04-16 13:09:08*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/කලුතර-ලැගුම්හලක-පදංචිව-සිටි-රුසියන්-කතක්-මරුට/11-409103)

Kalutara North Police states that a Russian woman has been deceased in a bed of a lodge in Kalutara.

The deceased has been identified as a 74 year old woman named Nandasda Bodner.

The woman who had arrived in the island about 11 months ago, the resort has been rented.

The woman with the lodge owned woman has commenced investigations today (16).

Kalutara Criminal Laboratory Officers have been investigated and the body is to be taken to the Kalutara Teaching Hospital following the magisterial inquiry.

OIC Chief Inspector Damith Jayatilake



# Wijayadasa Rajapakse decision on presidential election

*2024-04-16 13:02:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195681)

Minister of Justice Dr. Wijayadasa Rajapaksa says that he has come forward with several parties to contest the next presidential election.

The majority members representing the SLFP central committee have made requests.

According to Wijayadasa Rajapakse, he said that he would make a decision on the next few weeks, Mr. Wijeyadasa Rajapaksa said.

"I have requested a large number of groups. The majority of the Sri Lanka Freedom Party (SLFP) Central Committee has made the request. And our honorable Maha Sangha, the Leader of other religions have made that request. I thought further in the next few weeks. "

...



# Minimum 5 days of expressways. 235 revenue

*2024-04-16 13:01:55*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/අධිවේගී-මාර්ගවලින්-දින-පහට-රු-මි--235ක-ආදායමක්/11-409102)

According to the Deputy Director General (Minister of Education) has been earned over Rs.

It is an increase of 75 million over the past year. The highest number of vehicles, operating 39,000 million and the highest income received 46 million rupees.

According to the Director, 6 lakhs of highways were operated on the five days of this year and 60000 vehicles over the past year.

There were about ten to ten thousand accidents a day, and there were no fatal accidents a day.



# Lis Trasp said Trump to be President

*2024-04-16 12:51:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195680)

Former President Donald Trump, former British Prime Minister Lis Traders, says the former British Prime Minister Lis Traders.

She says Trump is the "most secure" when the Trump is in the White House.

Trosperson of the British Yattuarus, Trosman, is currently in danger of conflicts, and that the world is in danger of "strong America now" now.

Trump is the Republican Party candidate for the US presidential election in November.



# 52-year-old man hacked to death while sleeping

*2024-04-16 12:51:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98661/52-year-old-man-hacked-to-death-while-sleeping)

A 52-year-old man was hacked to death with a sharp weapon in Borupana, Rathmalana early this morning (16).

According to the police report, two assailants had killed the man while he was sleeping inside his bedroom.

Mount Lavinia police have launched an investigation to hunt down the perpetrators who are yet to be identified. The motive behind the murder was not immediately clear.

The post-mortem is slated to be performed following the completion of the magistrate’s inquest into the death.



# A woman arrested in Colombo for allegedly defrauding Rs.

*2024-04-16 12:43:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181220)

Police have arrested a woman who had been hiding in Colombo for allegedly defrauding about Rs 2 crore 50 lakhs of rupees from Jaffna for sending them overseas.

He has defrauded about two and a half crore rupees from many people from Jaffna to advertise via social media to send them abroad and get employment overseas.

It is reported that the woman was hiding in Colombo while investigating the complaint made by the Jaffna Crime Prevention Police regarding the fraud.

Is she involved in fraud in Colombo?The police said that the police have launched investigations and then to hand over him to the Jaffna police.



# Sydney church stabbing declared a ‘terrorist’ attack; 16-year-old under arrest

*2024-04-16 12:33:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98660/sydney-church-stabbing-declared-a-terrorist-attack-16-year-old-under-arrest)

Australian police have declared Monday’s stabbing at a Sydney church a religiously motivated “terrorist act”.

A 16-year-old boy was arrested after a bishop, a priest and churchgoers were attacked during mass at the Assyrian Christ The Good Shepherd Church.

At least four people suffered “non-life-threatening” injuries, police say. The attacker was also hurt.

The incident was captured on a church livestream and quickly triggered unrest in the suburb of Wakeley.

...



# Malwatte Maha Nayaka demands the Development Agreement of Anula Chaitya

*2024-04-16 12:30:43*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/අනුලා-චෛත්‍යයේ-සංවර්ධන-ගිවිසුම-අවලංගු-කරන්නැයි-මල්වතු-මහ-නාහිමි-ජනපතිගෙන්-ඉල්ලති/11-409101)

President Ranil by President of the Malwathu Maha ViharayaA letter has been sent to Mr. Wickremesinghe.

This article has informed Mihintale Akula Sasana, who is considered as the opening point in Sri Lanka, and is a temple from the Mihintamha Rajamaha Viharaya, the Chief Incumbent of the Mihinthala Rajamaha Viharaya.

However, the letter of Buddha Sasana and the Cultural Affairs and other monkeys have been contracted to the President of the Mahanayaka and the Chief Incumbent of the Mihinthala Rajamaha Viharaya.

...



# The body of a candidate student drowned at Bentota Sath was in Moragalla

*2024-04-16 12:20:47*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/බෙන්තොට-මුහුදේදී-දියේ-ගිලුණු-සාපෙළ-අපේක්ෂක-සිසුවාගේ-සිරුර-මොරගල්ල-වෙරලේ/11-409100)

The body of the schoolgirl who had disappeared while Wandering the Bentota seastories yesterday evening.

The victim was a 16 year old student, who was ready to sit for the Ordinary Level Examination in the Dirraya School, and to sit for the Ordinary Level Examination in the Durish College.

Police said he had gone to the neighborhood while claimed at sea near the Bentota Resort, police said.

Bentota and Aluthgama Police are conducting further investigations



# Sri Lanka cannot be pushed into global conflict: SJB MP

*2024-04-16 12:19:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Sri-Lanka-cannot-be-pushed-into-global-conflict-SJB-MP/108-280768)

Colombo, April 16 (Daily Mirror)- Sri Lanka cannot be pushed and bumped into a global conflict and therefore it should be diligent in its dealings with various nations, a Samagi Jana Balawegaya (SJB) MP said today.

SJB MP Harshana Rajakaruna came out with this remark when asked about his party’s stance on the visit of Iranian President Ebrahim Raisi to Sri Lanka on April 24 this year.

“Sri Lanka cannot afford to be pushed and bumped into a global conflict and we expect the rulers of our country to be diligent in dealing with various nations. Sri Lanka should take a neutral stand on the conflict in the Middle East,” the MP said.

...



# Sri Lanka cannot to be pushed into global conflict: SJB MP

*2024-04-16 12:19:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Sri-Lanka-cannot-to-be-pushed-into-global-conflict-SJB-MP/108-280768)

Colombo, April 16 (Daily Mirror)- Sri Lanka cannot be pushed and bumped into a global conflict and therefore it should be diligent in its dealings with various nations, a Samagi Jana Balawegaya (SJB) MP said today.

SJB MP Harshana Rajakaruna came out with this remark when asked about his party’s stance on the visit of Iranian President Ebrahim Raisi to Sri Lanka on April 24 this year.

“Sri Lanka cannot afford to be pushed and bumped into a global conflict and we expect the rulers of our country to be diligent in dealing with various nations. Sri Lanka should take a neutral stand on the conflict in the Middle East,” the MP said.

...



# Sri Lanka commences IMF/WBG Spring meeting with productive bilateral discussion: Semasinghe

*2024-04-16 12:17:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Sri-Lanka-commences-IMFWBG-Spring-meeting-with-productive-bilateral-discussion-Semasinghe/108-280766)

Colombo, April 1 (Daily Mirror)- Sri Lanka commenced the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank Group (IMF/WBG) Spring meeting with a very productive bilateral discussion with Kenji Okamura, Deputy Managjng Director of the IMF, State Minister of Finance Shehan Semasinghe said.

He said in a post on X that Okamura commended the Sri Lankan authorities on the strong programme implementation and excellent reform progress.

The Minister said Okamura emphasised the need to preserve the hard-earned gains Sri Lanka has experienced since the beginning of the IMF programme and continue strong ownership.

...



# Guidance on MD 2 pineapple cultivation in Sri Lanka

*2024-04-16 12:17:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Guidance-on-MD-2-pineapple-cultivation-in-Sri-Lanka/108-280767)

Colombo, April 12 (Daily Mirror) - The Agriculture Department is set to provide urgent recommendations for the cultivating one of the world's most popular pineapple varieties, MD 2 or Super Sweet Pineapple (Ananas comosus) in Sri Lanka.

Agriculture and Plantation Industries Minister Mahinda Amaraweera said the most delicious pineapple species in the world are reported from Sri Lanka. Therefore, there is a great demand in the world market for pineapples grown in Sri Lanka.

...



# Jaffna Police Officer complained to a Swiss woman

*2024-04-16 12:07:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181215)

A police officer has lodged a complaint with a police officer for allegedly defrauding about 50 lakh rupees for allegedly marrying a woman living in a Swiss country from Jaffna.

A woman from Jaffna migrates and lives in Swiss. When he is married and has children, he is living with her children in the Swiss country.

When the woman arrived in Jaffna a few years ago, she went to the police station to lodge a complaint about the conflicts of the native assets of the woman.

At the time of the complaint, the Tamil police who were on duty at the police station became accustomed to the police officer.

...



# Sri Lanka, Kyrgyz Republic to expand economic cooperation

*2024-04-16 12:00:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-kyrgyz-republic-discuss-expanding-economic-cooperation-158651/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka and the Kyrgyz Republic signed a memorandum of understanding on bilateral cooperation at the Foreign Office consultations that took place in Bishkek, on 15 April.

During the consultations, “the two sides prioritized expanding economic cooperation, focusing on apparel, gems and jewelry, tea, food and beverages, wellness and ayurvedic products, education services and ICT sectors,” Sri Lanka’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs said in a statement.

“The two sides also discussed the potential for the promotion of tourism to facilitate connectivity and to strengthen people to people linkages.”

...



# Iranian President to inaugurate Uma Oya project

*2024-04-16 11:57:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Iranian-President-to-inaugurate-Uma-Oya-project/108-280764)

Iranian President Ebrahim Raisi is scheduled to visit Sri Lanka in May where he is expected to inaugurate the Uma Oya Multipurpose project, Iranian media reported.

The project includes two dams namely Dyraaba and Puhulpola and also 25 kilometers of water transmission tunnel and two major hydroelectric power plants each with a capacity of 60 megawatts.

Uma Oya multipurpose project is regarded as one of the greatest technical and engineering service projects of Iranian companies in Sri Lanka.

...



# Today's currency exchange rate

*2024-04-16 11:56:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181213)

The US dollar purchasing price was Rs 294.2057 and the sales price were Rs 303.5476, based on the Central Bank's currency exchange rate on Tuesday (April 16).



# Distortion of a New Song: 'These things should take action to happen again' - Rohana's Fair

*2024-04-16 11:55:57*

[bbccomsinhala](https://www.bbc.com/sinhala/articles/c1vwgeqdpwdo)

Distortion of a New Song: 'These things should take action to happen again' - Rohana's Fair

As the Solar Festival, the warmth of the New Year, the hot song is emerging.

It is charged with a distortion of a song designed for the Solar Festival.

'Who are we?'What will happen to 7 songs that have been censored?

The Solar Television Network of the Independent Television Network of the Independent Television Network of the Independent Television Network has also contributed to Sahan Ranna Songs and the gold.

However, the song's words have been published in Facebook social media network.

...



# Sri Lankan delegation calls on top IMF, World Bank officials at 2024 Spring Meetings

*2024-04-16 11:54:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98659/sri-lankan-delegation-calls-on-top-imf-world-bank-officials-at-2024-spring-meetings)

The Deputy Managing Director of the International Monetary Fund (IMF), Kenji Okamura has commended the Sri Lankan authorities on the implementation of a strong program and excellent reform progress, says Finance State Minister Shehan Semasinghe.

Sri Lankan delegation led by Semasinghe met with Mr. Okamura during the IMF-World Bank Group (WBG) Spring Meetings 2024 that kicked off in Washington, D.C. on Monday (15). The event will go on until 19 April with the participation of policymakers, civil society, researchers and several other high-ranking officials.

...



# IMF’s Deputy Managing Director commends Sri Lanka’s reform progress

*2024-04-16 11:54:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98659/imfs-deputy-managing-director-commends-sri-lankas-reform-progress)

The Deputy Managing Director of the International Monetary Fund (IMF), Kenji Okamura has commended the Sri Lankan authorities on the implementation of a strong program and excellent reform progress, says Finance State Minister Shehan Semasinghe.

Sri Lankan delegation led by Semasinghe met with Mr. Okamura during the IMF-World Bank Group (WBG) Spring Meetings 2024 that kicked off in Washington, D.C. on Monday (15). The event will go on until 19 April with the participation of policymakers, civil society, researchers and several other high-ranking officials.

...



# Murder of Mt. Mt.

*2024-04-16 11:43:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195679)

The victim was a 52-year-old, a resident of Ratmalana, a resident of Ratmalana.

Police say that two unidentified persons had come and killed the murder.

The murder had taken place this morning (16).

Mount Lavinia Police have launched a special investigation into the incident.



# The hero of the horrific attacker came forward

*2024-04-16 11:40:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195678)

The world has now has a strong conversation about the person who tried to stop the attack in a shopping mall in Sydney, Australia.

The Australian Prime Minister Albena has told the media that it is necessary to extend the period of visa without any interruption.

The Prime Minister also added that he could stay in the country a time.

However, if Australia's latest law is implemented by Australia, he will lose French citizenship if he is given Australian citizenship.

Six persons were killed and six people were killed and 12 were injured in a shopping mall in Sydney, Australia.

...



# I did surgery for a large number of boys - many of them were subject to six - British doctor who returned from Gaza

*2024-04-16 11:40:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181212)

A British doctor who recently returned from Gaza has said that he had been surrendering to a large number of children who were injured in the war.

Doctor Victoria Ross said that the number of surgery for the wounded boys was shocked by me.

He said that many of them under the age of 16 have been surgical and many of them are subject to six.

He said that he was treated for victims of firing injuries and other injuries.

He said that the injuries of those who were injured in Gaza were seen as a problem with the inadequate food.

He said that all the others were younger than me and that they were under 16 years of age, six years old.

...



# A girlfriend and girlfriend's mother with sharp weapon!

*2024-04-16 11:32:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181211)

The suspect dies after being hit by a sharp weapon. The deceased was Gunathakam Pranavan (age 35), who lived in the Ilavalai police division.

The man entered the house of the woman and her mother with a sharp weapon and escaped from there at 4.00 am on Tuesday.

In this case, the woman and the mother of the girl have been admitted to the Jaffna Teaching Hospital.. Further investigations are being carried out by the Ilavalai police.



# Lightning strike

*2024-04-16 11:29:08*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/மின்னல்-தாக்கி-ஒருவர்-உயிரிழப்பு/175-335986)

The man who was working in the field was killed by lightning, police said.

The incident took place yesterday afternoon and the deceased is 65 -year -old Kekalana, a native of Kottiagala.



# The world's delicious pineapple to be cultivated in Sri Lanka

*2024-04-16 11:26:33*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/இலங்கையில்-பயிரிடப்படவுள்ள-உலகின்-சுவையான-அன்னாசி/175-335985)

Agriculture and Plantation Industries Minister Mahinda Amaraweera has advised the Department of Agriculture to recommend the cultivation of Pineapple in Sri Lanka, MD 2 or Super Sweet Pine Apple, one of the world's most popular pineapple.

Although this pineapple type is high in the world market, it has not yet been taken to cultivate that pineapple in Sri Lanka.

In this case, the examination of the pineapple in Sri Lanka has been successful, he said.



# Hakmana killer arrested

*2024-04-16 11:26:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195677)

The suspect is a 46 year old resident of Kahatagahakothauwa area.

A 21-year-old youth was attacked with a sharp weapon in the Hakmana Kahatagahakahara.

Investigations have revealed that the murder had been carried out by his uncle on an old resentment.

However, the suspect had fled the area and was arrested in Hakanda area last night.



# A revelation of Sydney attacker

*2024-04-16 11:21:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195676)

Australian police states that the bishop of the Assyrian shrine and several people there were a knife in Sydney's church.

A press conference has been held on a press conference based on religious extremism, the police said.

New South Wales' Commissioner Karen Web says that "after studying all the facts," it concluded.

The suspect was 16 year old, he said.

The knife was wounded by Bishop, including Marie Emmanuel.

Living to the bishop, armed with a knife, broadcast on the basis of the entinity.

Because the Sermon of the Bishop was being broadcast live. As a result, the followers listening to that lecture had seen the attack.

...



# 9 -year -old boy dies after falling into well

*2024-04-16 11:20:36*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/கிணற்றில்-விழுந்து-9-வயது-சிறுவன்-உயிரிழப்பு/175-335984)

A 9 -year -old boy died on Monday (15) after falling into an abandoned well found in a house in Gampala.

Police said the incident took place when she went to his grandmother's house.



# 190 crores of revenues of 5 days of high -speed highways!

*2024-04-16 11:20:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181208)

Director of Highway Action and Maintenance Division RIT Kahadapitiya said that traffic on highways has increased by 10 percent in the last five days.

He noted that highways have earned more than 190 million rupees in five days from April 10 to Monday (April 14).



# Clear the doctor Satyamurthy on the Govt's suggestions!

*2024-04-16 11:19:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181205)

Jaffna Teaching Hospital Director T. Sathiyamoorthy has made it clear that the World Health Organization and the Ministry of Health of Sri Lanka have made it clear on the Infection of the Infection.

After a long time in the Jaffna district, a woman has died due to the death of a woman, and posted on her social media to solve unnecessary doubts among the people.

Accordingly, from October 10, 2023, the following 7 issues have been published by the Ministry of Health.

...



# Fishermen should negotiate with the central government of India on issues - M. A. Sumanthiran

*2024-04-16 11:15:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181207)

Member of Parliament for the fishermen should negotiate with the central government of India. A. Sumanthiran said.

The individual bill I brought about the drag fold was legalized. The only reason for this situation was if it was not implemented.

The law was enacted following the issuance of a meeting in 2016 to end the drag issue.

The state government said that there is a suggestion that the tragic boats may be associated with those who are involved in the boats.



# Sri Lanka manufacturing expand amid falling prices, services surge: PMI

*2024-04-16 11:15:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-manufacturing-expand-amid-falling-prices-services-surge-pmi-158629/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka’s manufacturing and services sectors expanded in March ahead of a traditional New Year, with resurgence in tourism also helping, according to a Purchasing Managers’ Index compiled by the central bank.

The manufacturing PMI was 62.5 in March, compared to 56 points in February when the sector also expanded.

“This marks the highest PMI-Manufacturing that was recorded in three years,” the statement said. “All the sub-indices expanded on a month-on-month basis contributing to this increase, mainly driven by the seasonal demand.”

...



# FBI opens criminal probe into deadly Baltimore bridge collapse

*2024-04-16 11:08:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/FBI-opens-criminal-probe-into-deadly-Baltimore-bridge-collapse/108-280755)

Baltimore, April 16 (RNZ) - The FBI has opened a federal criminal investigation into the deadly collapse of a Baltimore bridge last month when a ship crashed into one of its supports, the bureau said on Monday.

FBI agents had boarded the cargo ship Dali to conduct court-authorized law enforcement activity regarding the crash, a spokesperson told Reuters.

There is no other public information available, and the FBI will have no further comment, the spokesperson said.

...



# 700 roundabouts nationwide targeting the New Year!

*2024-04-16 10:57:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181202)

The Consumer Affairs Authority (CAA) has said that 700 rounds have been carried out across the country, targeting the New Year.

Sanjay Rasinghe, Director of the Special Investigation Division, said that the trials of the Authority and the Special Investigation Division said that they will file a case against the persons who were trapped under the law during these tests.

He made it clear during the testing of some of the things that consumers need to look at when buying goods.



# The political country that identifies Tamils as terrorists

*2024-04-16 10:56:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181198)

Aruttandanda Ma Sakthivel, an activist for social justice and the liberation of political prisoners, said that the future of the political country, which is continuing to identify the Tamils as terrorists.

This was stated in a media statement issued today (16).

The recent investigation by the Terrorist Prevention Unit of the Terrorism Unit is that state terrorism continues to see all Tamils except those who have acted as chauvinism on the Tamil side.

...



# Sri Pada location during the year holiday season

*2024-04-16 10:55:19*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/අවුරුදු-නිවාඩු-සමයේ-ශ්‍රී-පාද-ස්ථානය/11-409099)

Nallathaniya police say that many Buddhist and Hindu including Buddhist and Hindu from various parts of the island are coming to the Sri Pada.

A special bus service has been deployed from Hatton to Nallathanniya from Hatton Station from Hatton to Nalluthaniya.

Large pilgrims are coming to Nallathanniya. The bus and vans were parked on either side of the road to the Nallathan, Maskeliya main road due to buses from the Nalluthanwela.



# Salman is a big mess

*2024-04-16 10:52:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195675)

The police have arrested two suspects in suspicion of shooting the house of Indian super-actor Salman Khan.

The arrested were the two persons who were arrested.

They were arrested while he was arrested in a bohgege in the state of Gujarat.

Foreign media reports that they will be associated with the bishnoy gang.

The suspects were shot and fled the house of Salman Khan in Mumbai around 5 am last Sunday.

With the shooting, the security forces of the security forces had taken measures to strengthen Salman's safety and to inform the police if they leave the house.

...



# What guarantees for compensation if they die?

*2024-04-16 10:42:12*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/அவர்கள்-இறந்தால்-இழப்பீட்டுக்கு-என்ன-உத்தரவாதம்/175-335983)

Amid reports that some former soldiers from Sri Lanka have joined the Russian military operations against Ukraine, Sri Lankan Ambassador in Moscow, Professor Janita Liyanage, asked the Russian army about them.

In response to a question raised regarding the media reports, he said this.. "If someone is there, I have asked such details to the Russian army," he said.

Commenting on this, Media Director of the Ministry of Defense Colonel Nalin said that some former soldiers may have been illegally in the Russian army.. The Ministry has taken steps to explain to the soldiers on the dangers of engaging in such illegal activities.

...



# Iran's President visits Sri Lanka

*2024-04-16 10:39:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181192)

Iranian President Ibrahim Raisi will visit Sri Lanka on the 24th of this month to open several major water and energy projects.

The President of Iran will also open the Uma Oya Multipurpose Project and 25 kilometers of irrigation tunnel, which includes two dams, Diaraba and Buhulpola.

The project also constructed two large water stations with a capacity of 60 MW each.

The Uma Oya Multi -Purpose Project is considered one of the largest technical and engineering service projects in Iranian companies in Sri Lanka.

The project is located 200 kilometers from Colombo city in the southeast of Sri Lanka.

...



# Request to provide permits at low cost

*2024-04-16 10:34:30*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/குறைந்த-விலையில்-அனுமதிப்பத்திரங்களை-வழங்க-கோரிக்கை/175-335982)

A group of ruling party and opposition MPs have urged the Speaker and state officials to issue low -cost vehicle permits if they are unable to provide previously issued permits before the upcoming presidential election.

Many parliamentarians from both political wing have explained to parliamentary leaders who have been challenging the lack of vehicles to carry out political activities during the upcoming elections.. Many newly elected MPs have insisted that there are no vehicles.

...



# Terrorist Attack at Sydney Church - Australian police

*2024-04-16 10:30:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181197)

Australian police have said that the knife at the Christian church in Sydney is a religious -purpose terrorism.

Australian police have reported this on a knife attack at the Azirian Christian Takut September Church.

Police have said that they are considering such a terrorist attack, saying that this is underway.

The police commissioner of the New Zeutwales, Karen Web, said that he was survived.

He said that the 16 -year -old youth who was attacked by a knife attack had expressed his religious comments and said that the aim was to threaten those who were visiting the attendees.



# State Minister Chamara resource fires

*2024-04-16 10:29:48*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/picture_story/රාජ්‍ය-ඇමති-චාමර-සම්පත්-ගමන්ගත්-ජීප්රිය-ගිනි-ගනියි/10-409098)

State Minister Chamara Sampath Dasanayake has launched a sudden fire in the Halwela area in Bandarawela. The Ella said that due to the fire, the minister or its driver have been harmed.

The fire has erupted due to a technical fault.The accident is involved in the accident while the Minister was returning at a festival in Mahiyanganaya and Ella areas.

The Bandaranawala Urban Council Fire Brigade and the Falls have to hold the fire, but the front part of the vehicle is burning large.Ella Police are conducting further investigations



# Father killed in Marathon race

*2024-04-16 10:26:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181194)

A father who went to support his son, who attended the Marathon race during this year's New Year celebrations held in Belmatulla Padalanda area.

When his 16 -year -old son was attending the Marathon race, he ran with him to encourage and support his son.

He was admitted to the Belmatullah Hospital after he fell unconscious, police said.

The deceased is a 60 -year -old from Belmatullai area. The police are conducting further investigations into the incident.



# Cancel 11 trains scheduled today

*2024-04-16 10:19:59*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/இன்று-திட்டமிடப்பட்ட-11-ரயில்கள்-ரத்து/175-335981)

The Railway Department said that 11 trains planned today have been canceled due to the failure of the engine directors and railway guards.

As a result, trains from Colombo Fort to Moratuwa, Ambepussa, Panadura, Negombo and Ragama have been affected by the cancellation.



# Stranded at Fort station...

*2024-04-16 10:15:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/caption-story/Stranded-at-Fort-station/110-280752)

Commuters along with their children and belongings, were stranded at the Fort Railway Station due to train cancellations. Eleven scheduled trains were cancelled today due to the absence of locomotive operators and railway guards. Pix by Nimalsiri Edirisinghe



# Northern Provincial Transport Group notifes

*2024-04-16 10:14:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181189)

The Chairman of the Northern Provincial Council of the Sri Lanka Transport Board said that the newly opened long -operated passenger bus station in Jaffna cannot be provided with private buses.

The Sri Lanka Transport Board buses traveling from the newly built long -lasted passenger bus stand to the outer districts can travel on a tonight schedule but cannot be provided from the relevant service.

...



# China’s economy grew 5.3% in the first quarter, beating expectations

*2024-04-16 10:14:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98658/chinas-economy-grew-53-in-the-first-quarter-beating-expectations)

China’s economy in the first quarter grew faster than expected, official data released Tuesday by China’s National Bureau of Statistics showed.

Gross domestic product in the January to March period grew 5.3% compared to a year ago — faster than the 5.2% expansion in the fourth quarter of 2023 and 4.6% growth expected by economists polled by Reuters.

On a quarter-on-quarter basis, China’s GDP grew 1.6% in the first quarter, compared to a Reuters poll expectations of 1.4% and a revised fourth quarter expansion of 1.2%. Beijing has set a 2024 growth target of around 5%.

...



# Sri Lanka rupee opens at 299.00/25 to the US dollar

*2024-04-16 10:13:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-rupee-opens-at-299-00-25-to-the-us-dollar-158615/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka’s rupee opened at 299.00/25 to the US dollar in the spot forex market on Tuesday, from 299.00/10 on Monday, dealers said, while bond yields were broadly steady.

A bond maturing on 15.12.2026 was quoted at 11.30/32 percent from 11.30/35 percent.

A bond maturing on 15.12.2028 was quoted at 12.05/15 percent from 12.10/20 percent.

The Colombo Stock Exchange opened down; The All Share Price Index dropped below the 12,000 mark – down 0.79 percent at 11,911. The S&P SL20 was also down 1.09 percent at 3,526. (Colombo/Apr16/2024)



# Floods in Oman are violent

*2024-04-16 10:11:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195673)

Foreign in Oman reports that 17 deaths in Oman say that the disaster situation that has been drawn from Sunday is reported.

Meanwhile, the government has also decided to close school and government institutions in many parts of Oman.

The decision has been taken due to heavy floods, foreign media reports say.

Foreign media reports that nearly a number of areas in the country will be expected to rain.

Also, with heavy rains, many cars and property have been damaged foreign media.



# Cancel many office train services today

*2024-04-16 10:07:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181195)

The Railway Department said that the railway services of the 11th (11) office, which were scheduled to be planned on Tuesday morning (16), have been canceled.

The Railway Department said that the train services have been canceled due to the lack of duty by train drivers and railway guards.

Train services from Colombo - Fort to Moratuwa, Panadura, Waduwa, Negombo, Ambepussa, Padukkai and Ragama have been canceled.



# An horrific boat accident in India

*2024-04-16 09:56:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195672)

Foreign media reports that few children have gone missing in boat accident in India.

Foreign media reports that Jalam River in Jaminu area in Jammu area in India has been reported.

According to the reports, a boat was transporting passengers from Gandolb to Batura.

Indian media further stated that a mission has already been launched by the missing persons.



# Ex-soldiers joining Russian military as mercenaries, Sri Lanka seeks details

*2024-04-16 09:49:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Ex-soldiers-joining-Russian-military-as-mercenaries-Sri-Lanka-seeks-details/108-280744)

Amidst reports that some ex-military men from Sri Lanka have joined the Russian military operations against Ukraine, Sri Lankan Ambassador in Moscow Prof. Janita Liyanage said she asked for details about them from the Russian military if any. She said this in response to a query about media reports to that effect. “I sought such details from the Russian military if there is anyone there,” she said.

...



# 11 trains cancelled: Locomotive operators, guards fail to report for duty

*2024-04-16 09:47:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/11-trains-cancelled-Locomotive-operators-guards-fail-to-report-for-duty/108-280741)

Colombo, April 16 (Dailty Mirror) - The Railways Department said that 11 scheduled trains have been cancelled today due to locomotive operators and railway guards failing to report for duty.

As a result, trains scheduled to depart from Colombo Fort to Moratuwa, Ambepussa, Panadura, Negombo and Ragama were affected by these cancellations.



# 11 office train services canceled

*2024-04-16 09:42:56*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/කාර්යාල-දුම්රිය-ගමන්-වාර-11ක්-අවලංගුයි/11-409097)

The Railway Department says that 11 in office train services had to be canceled this morning due to non-reporting of drivers and regulators.

Railway lines have been canceled from Colombo Fort from Colombo, Panadura, Panaduwa, Negombo, Ambepussa and Ragama and the railway stations.



# Iranian President to visit Sri Lanka

*2024-04-16 09:40:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195671)

Iran President Iran President Iraqi Razis is due to visit Sri Lanka next week.

The Iranian president will take part in the event of the Uma Oya Multipurpose Development Project officially handed over to the public.

The Uma Oya Multipurpose Development Project was launched in 2011 on a loan of Iranian Export Development Bank.

It will add 120 MW of electricity to the national power system.

In addition, water supply of drinking water supply and agricultural needs will be made under this program.



# India is a big decision to bow down to big onion prices

*2024-04-16 09:33:47*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/ලොකු-ලූණු-මිල-බස්සවන්න-ඉන්දියාවෙන්-ලොකු-තීරණයක්/11-409096)

India has decided to remove the ban on the exports of India by banning the export of big onions.

Accordingly, Sri Lanka has access to 100,000 Indian big onions to 100,000 Indian onions.

A shortage of big onion in the local market has been created in the local market with the prohibition of big onions.

When India removes the export ban on Sri Lanka, the big onion prices of Sri Lanka have access to a lower level.



# At least 11 commuter trains cancelled this morning

*2024-04-16 09:33:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98657/at-least-11-commuter-trains-cancelled-this-morning)

At least 11 commuter trains have been cancelled this morning (16), according to the Sri Lanka Railways.

Train cancellations were attributed to the lack of locomotive operators and train guards who had not reported to work.

Accordingly, as many as 11 trains departing Colombo Fort to Moratuwa, Panadura, Wadduwa, Negombo, Ambepussa, Padukka and Ragama have been cancelled.



# The car that the diplomatic minister traveled was suddenly set on fire

*2024-04-16 09:31:58*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/மலையகம்/இராஜாங்க-அமைச்சர்-பயணித்த-கார்-திடீரென-தீப்பற்றியது/76-335980)

State Minister Samara Sampath Dasanayake was traveling in Bandarawela - Halbey area at around 12.45 am this morning.

The fire broke out while traveling from the Minister of State Mahiyanganaya to Ella.

However, the fire did not cause any injuries to the Minister of State or the driver.

The fire brigade of the Bandarawela Municipal Council, all the police and the residents of the area worked to extinguish the fire.



# The car that the diplomatic minister traveled was suddenly set on fire

*2024-04-16 09:31:58*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/இராஜாங்க-அமைச்சர்-பயணித்த-கார்-திடீரென-தீப்பற்றியது/175-335980)

State Minister Samara Sampath Dasanayake was traveling in Bandarawela - Halbey area at around 12.45 am this morning.

The fire broke out while traveling from the Minister of State Mahiyanganaya to Ella.

However, the fire did not cause any injuries to the Minister of State or the driver.

The fire brigade of the Bandarawela Municipal Council, all the police and the residents of the area worked to extinguish the fire.



# Final Talk with Backed Bondslong Personnel

*2024-04-16 09:31:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181190)

The President's Office and National Security Advisor, Sagala Ratnayake, said that all bilateral restructuring in Sri Lanka's debt renovation will be completed by the end of June and that the negotiations with the Banking Personnel Committee have moved towards the final stage.

National Security Advisor Sagala Ratnayake said this during a special discussion held at the Presidential Secretariat on Monday with the head teachers of the Media Division.

Bilateral restructuring remains in Sri Lanka's debt restructuring. The official credit providers' group contains all other parties except China.

...



# State Minister Samara Sampath Dasanayake's vehicle

*2024-04-16 09:19:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181191)

The incident took place in the Bandarawela Halbey area at around 12.45 am today (16).

The fire broke out while traveling from the Minister of State Mahiyanganaya to Ella.

Police said that the fire had not been injured by the fire and that the fire brigade of the Bandarawela Municipal Council, all police and residents of the area were involved in the fire.



# 11 trains will be canceled

*2024-04-16 09:09:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195670)

The Railway Department says that 11 off office train services have been canceled this morning.

The Railways Department says that trainers have been canceled due to non-reporting to the work.

Accordingly, the train traveling to the Fort Railway Stations from Colombo Fort from Colombo Fort, from Colombo Fort and return to Fort Railway Stations have been canceled again.



# Effectiveness of Sri Lanka’s legal system is questioned over alleged corruption: Marie Antonia

*2024-04-16 09:08:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Effectiveness-of-Sri-Lankas-legal-system-is-questioned-over-alleged-corruption-Marie-Antonia/108-280738)

Colombo, April 16 (Daily Mirror) - The effectiveness of the legal system in handling investment-related matters in Sri Lanka is often questioned due to perceived corruption and inefficiency, an official said.

Marie Antonia von Schönburg, Chief Delegate of the Delegation of German Industry and Commerce in Sri Lanka, in an interview with Daily Mirror, said that despite the existence of laws, implementation remains a challenge, which may deter investors from choosing Sri Lanka over other alternatives.

...



# State Minister Chamara Sampath’s vehicle catches fire

*2024-04-16 08:57:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/State-Minister-Chamara-Sampaths-vehicle-catches-fire/108-280739)

Colombo, April 16 (Daily Mirror) - The official vehicle of Primary Industries State Minister Chamara Sampath Dassanayake caught fire this morning in the Halpe area, as reported by the Ella police.

They said the vehicle caught fire due to a technical failure.

The incident occurred at around 1 a.m. this morning while the State Minister was travelling from Mahiyangana to Ella.

Neither the state minister nor the driver sustained any injuries.

The Fire Department of the Bandarawela Municipal Council, along with the Ella Police and local residents extinguished the fire.



# State Minister Chamara Sampath’s vehicle catches fire in Halpe

*2024-04-16 08:55:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98656/state-minister-chamara-sampaths-vehicle-catches-fire-in-halpe)

State Minister Chamara Sampath Dasanayake’s vehicle has suddenly caught fire at around 12.45 a.m. today (16), Ada Derana learns.

The incident took place in the Halpe area of Bandarawela when the Dasanayake had been travelling from Mahiyanganaya to Ella.

However, the state minister and his driver have managed to escape the fire unharmed.

The fire trucks of Bandarawela Municipal Council, Ella Police and the residents of the area had tackled the flames in a joint effort.



# Lightning strikes one

*2024-04-16 08:52:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181188)

The man who was working in the field was killed by lightning, police said.

The incident took place on Monday (15) and the deceased is the 65 -year -old from Kekalena, Kottiyagala.



# Chance of rain in many places

*2024-04-16 08:51:57*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/பல-இடங்களில்-மழை-பெய்ய-வாய்ப்பு/175-335979)

The Department of Meteorology has predicted that rain or thunderstorms are likely to occur in many places in the Western, Sabaragamuwa, Central and North Western Provinces and Galle and Matara districts.

There is a possibility of periodic rainfall or thunderstorms in the Eastern and Uva provinces and Hambantota district.

75 mm of heavy rainfall is expected in some parts of the upper, Sabaragamuwa and North Western provinces.

In the morning, in some places in the Western, Sabaragamuwa and Central Provinces, Galle and Matara districts, there is expected snowfall in the morning.

...



# Falling into a well-laid well and a child dies

*2024-04-16 08:43:53*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/අතහැර-දමා-තිබූ-ළිඳකට-වැටී-දරුවෙක්-මිය-යයි/11-409095)

A child has died after a drowned well in the land of Ambagamuwa road in Gampola.

The deceased is Torrington Mawatha in Colombo for nine years. The accident is in the accident while he went to his grandmakes home. The accident occurred last morning.



# Fairly heavy rainfall of about 75mm expected in several areas

*2024-04-16 08:14:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98655/fairly-heavy-rainfall-of-about-75mm-expected-in-several-areas)

Showers or thundershowers will occur at several places in Western, Sabaragamuwa, Central and North-western provinces and Mannar, Galle and Matara districts, the Department of Meteorology says.

Showers or thundershowers will occur at times in Uva province and Batticaloa, Ampara and Hambantota districts.

Fairly heavy showers of about 75 mm are likely at some places in Western, Sabaragamuwa and North-western provinces.

Misty conditions can be expected in parts of the Western, Sabaragamuwa and Central provinces and Galle and Matara districts during the morning.

...



# Debt restructuring with bondholders hits a snag with disagreement on two areas

*2024-04-16 08:03:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/top-story/Debt-restructuring-with-bondholders-hits-a-snag-with-disagreement-on-two-areas/155-280737)

Colombo, April 16 (Daily Mirror) - Sri Lanka’s debt restructuring process with private bondholders is stuck with two aspects of disagreement, whereas it is well underway with bilateral creditors, a top official said yesterday.

Chief of Staff of the President Sagala Ratnayake told journalists that both parties, instructed by respective consultants, held two talks this year with each submitting proposals and counter-proposals.

He said the International Monetary Fund (IMF) cited the government’s proposals as compliant, whereas the bondholders’ proposals were not.

...



# State Minister Chamara travels off at once

*2024-04-16 07:49:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195669)

State Minister Chamara Sampath Dasanayake has been auditious.

The State Minister in the Halpe area in Halpe area has been burned at the time.

The public minister was on the way to the Ella to the Ella area from Mahiyanganaya.

However, due to the fire, the Minister of State or the driver have been harmed.

The fire brigade of the Bandarawela Municipal Council has taken steps to resign the fire.



# Father who supported the son

*2024-04-16 07:36:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195668)

The deceased has been identified as a father who was involved in encouraging a son participating in the village running through the Pelgala area.

The victim was a 60-year-old resident of the area.

The father of the deceased has gone to support and assist his protection and assistance to his protection and assistance.

At the time the 60-year-old father had been tired of being padded, he was revealed to the Pelmadulla Hospital.



# Botal bodies of a boat at Braziliya Beach

*2024-04-16 07:17:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195667)

Foreign media reports that a large number of bodies were found in a boat beyond the beach in the northeast Brazil.

These reports further stated that nearly 20 bodies are assumed that it is there.

Due to death, the Brazilian authorities have cited the Brazilian authorities that they are unaware of the delegation of the boat.

Investigators who assumed that the group cannot be Brazilians say they can be mostly from the Caribbean.



# Life in the desk

*2024-04-16 07:07:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195666)

Police say that a person has died after lightning in the Kotiyagala area in Ethimale, police said.

Police say that a person who was working a paddy field was killed.

The incident was reported yesterday (15th), police said.

The deceased has been identified as a 65 year old resident of Kotiyagala.



# Sri Lanka could get hit from a disorderly US tumble: Bellwether

*2024-04-16 06:53:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-could-get-hit-from-a-disorderly-us-tumble-158583/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka is recovering fast but the country could get hit from an unravelling of advanced economies, particularly the United States, which is skating on very thin ice, after exceptionally bad monetary policy, which has destroyed fiscal metrics as well.

The US was running bad to atrocious monetary policy since 2001, when Ben Bernanke misled Alan Greenspan into printing money to run an 8-year cycle, firing a commodity and housing bubble which collapsed after rates were kept at around 5 percent for about a year.

...



# IPL records new competition

*2024-04-16 06:51:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195665)

The RCB team and SRH between the IPL and the SRH, the world was focused on the world's focus.

The world's most popular tournament in the Twenty20 cricket is the renewal of IPL yesterday.

The SRH won the RCB by 25 runs by 25 runs.

SRH scored 287 runs for the loss of 03 wickets in their 20 overs.

Three weeks ago, the SRH team was renewed by the SRH and the 137 runs for the loss of 03 wickets against Mumbai Indians.

The RCB captained 26 runs for the loss of 07 wickets.

Accordingly, 549 runs in the entire match were the highest scorers in a 20 overs.

The SRH team took 22 sixes in the match, which was the highest six beaten in an IPL match.

...



# MPs request lower-priced vehicle permits ahead of presidential election

*2024-04-16 06:37:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/MPs-request-lower-priced-vehicle-permits-ahead-of-presidential-election/108-280736)

Colombo, April 16 (Daily Mirror) - A group of MPs from both the ruling party and the opposition have urged the speaker and government officials to provide vehicle permits at lower prices if the previously issued duty-free licenses cannot be granted before the upcoming presidential election.

Sources said that the MPs plan to address this issue in the House Committee of Parliament in the near future.

...



# Showers in several areas this afternoon

*2024-04-16 06:18:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195664)

The Galle and Matara Districts today (16) in the Western, Sabaragamuwa, Central and North Western Provinces.. Showers or thundershowers will occur at several places, after about 2.00.

Showers or thundershowers will occur at times in the Uva Province, Batticaloa, Ampara and Hambantota districts.

Some locations in the Western, Sabaragamuwa and North Western Provinces. Heavy showers are about 75 times.

Some locations in the Western, Sabaragamuwa and Central provinces and in the Galle and Matara districts have a murder.

...



# IMF urged Sri Lanka to preserve “hard earned gains” after economic crisis: State FinMin

*2024-04-16 06:08:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/imf-urged-sri-lanka-to-preserve-hard-earned-gains-after-economic-crisis-state-finmin-158580/)

ECONOMYNEXT – The International Monetary Fund has urged Sri Lanka to preserve the hard earned gains after an unprecedented economic crisis under the global lender’s programme, State Finance Minister Shehan Semasinghe said.

The Sri Lankan delegation led by Shehan Semasinghe met Kenji Okamura, the Deputy Managjng Director of the IMF on the first day of the IMF and  World Bank Spring meeting.

...



# Sri Lanka State FinMin meets BCIU in US; discusses post-crisis investment prospects

*2024-04-16 05:56:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-state-finmin-meets-bciu-in-us-discusses-post-crisis-investment-prospects-158577/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka’s State Finance Minister Shehan Semasinghe met Business Council for International Understanding( BCIU) in Washington on the sideline of the IMF/World Bank Spring Meetings late on Monday and discussed investment prospects in the island nation which is gradually recovering from an unprecedented economic crisis.

...



# Global expansion of single-origin Sri Lankan chocolate a major struggle: Mendis

*2024-04-16 04:00:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Global-expansion-of-single-origin-Sri-Lankan-chocolate-a-major-struggle-Mendis/108-280733)

Chocolatier Mendis points out shortage of cocoa beans and poor cooperation of authorities as key challenges

Says local growers stand to gain higher prices, due to limited availability of cocoa globally

Sri Lanka’s celebrity chocolatier, chef and agriculture enthusiast Gerard Mendis faces an uphill battle in his bid to take single-origin Sri Lankan chocolates global. This is primarily due to the shortage of cocoa beans and absence of active cooperation of authorities.

...



# Central Bank’s March dollar purchases hit record high

*2024-04-16 02:00:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Central-Banks-March-dollar-purchases-hit-record-high/108-280732)

The Central Bank has purchased the most amount of dollars for a single month in March, a sign that the country is currently in a very comfortable position in its foreign currency liquidity, after two years into the worst currency crisis in the country.

According to the data released last week, the Central Bank purchased US $ 715.1 million in March, which is the highest ever in the last decade. While the monetary watchdog sold none, the dollar purchase is a sharp increase from the roughly US $ 240 million purchased from the banking system in February, on a net basis.

...



# Political accounts in the presidential election

*2024-04-16 01:48:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181186)

The minority nationals, the Tamil, Muslim and Upcountry parties, have put political accounts for bargains in accordance with their influence, like the political account centered on the main candidates of Ranil, Sajith and Anura.

In particular, all these parties make a final resolution, focusing on their victories in the parliamentary election, and the ministry and the ministry of the Ministry of State.

In that respect, Douglas Devananda in the North took a decision to support Ranil before the political parties or individuals in the country decided.. There are two reasons for this.

...



# India lifted onion export barrier

*2024-04-16 01:34:18*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/வெங்காய-ஏற்றுமதி-தடையை-நீக்கியது-இந்தியா/175-335978)

In addition, India has exported 10 thousand metric tons of onions to Sri Lanka.

The Indian High Commission in Colombo has said that with this export of onion exports to Sri Lanka.(a)



# Arrested for drug use in Jaffna

*2024-04-16 01:31:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181185)

A man was arrested on Monday (15) on suspicion of involvement in drug use in the Jaffna - Gurunagar area.

The arrest of the Jaffna District Senior Superintendent of Police, Jagath Vishantha, was received by the Police Intelligence Unit.

He was arrested in the Gurunagar area last week, who stole 90,000 rupees and a pound of jewelery.

The 23 -year -old suspect was handed over to the Jaffna Regional Criminal Investigation Division.

Police said the suspect had admitted that he had stolen for drug use and that the suspect would be taken to court after the jewelery and money were recovered.



# Sri Lanka - Israeli Airline Suspenting

*2024-04-16 01:30:36*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/இலங்கை-இஸ்ரேல்-விமான-சேவை-இடைநிறுத்தம்/175-335977)

The Sri Lankan Ambassador to the country said the airlines between Sri Lanka and Israel have been suspended.

Sri Lankan Ambassador to Israel has advised Sri Lankans who have registered flights to travel to Israel in the coming days to contact their respective companies and change their travel date.. (A)



# Nettles Needing To Be Grasped By Future Leaders Of Sri Lanka

*2024-04-16 01:30:03*

[colombotelegraphcom](https://www.colombotelegraph.com/index.php/nettles-needing-to-be-grasped-by-future-leaders-of-sri-lanka/)

...



# Uma Oya multi-purpose development project completes construction, begins hydropower generation

*2024-04-16 00:59:46*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/Uma-Oya-multi-purpose-development-project-completes-construction-begins-hydropower-generation/56-760649)

The long-awaited Uma Oya Multi-Purpose Development Project has reached a significant milestone as construction wraps up and testing level operations for hydropower production commenced, Uma Oya Multipurpose Development Project Director Engineer D. C. S. Alakanda announced.

He said the operations, which began around a month ago, mark a crucial step forward for the project.

During the testing phase, Alakanda reported that the project has already generated electricity worth Rs. 1,000 million, contributing to the national grid.

...



# Iranian President to inaugurate Uma Oya Project

*2024-04-16 00:59:20*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/Iranian-President-to-inaugurate-Uma-Oya-Project/56-760648)

The Uma Oya Multipurpose Development Project is poised to be officially handed over to the public on 24 April.

Iranian President Ebrahim Raisi is slated to visit Sri Lanka next week, to declare open this massive project, according to State Minister of Irrigation and Water Supply Shasheendra Rajapaksa.

The Uma Oya Multipurpose Development Project is poised for a grand inauguration, jointly led by Iranian President Ebrahim Raisi and President Ranil Wickremesinghe.



# Applications open for Parliamentary Budget Office positions

*2024-04-16 00:59:09*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/Applications-open-for-Parliamentary-Budget-Office-positions/56-760647)

Invites applications from competent citizens for positions of ‘Parliamentary Budget Officer’ and ‘Deputy Parliamentary Budget Officer’

Establishment of Parliamentary Budget Office aims to support legislature in fulfilling its public finance responsibilities

Office to be staffed with qualified economists tasked with producing high-quality analysis and reports

Intends to operate as an independent, non-partisan entity, safeguarded against any political influence

The Parliament is offering an opportunity for dedicated professionals to contribute to the effective oversight and management of public finances in the country.

...



# Public lecture on Buddhist diplomacy on 19 April

*2024-04-16 00:58:56*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/Public-lecture-on-Buddhist-diplomacy-on-19-April/56-760646)

The Sri Lanka Thailand Society, as a part of its annual programme of activities, has organised a public lecture on “Buddhist diplomacy: The symbiotic relationship between Sri Lanka and Thailand”. The lecture will be held on April 19, 2024, at 6 p.m., at the OPA Centre, Stanley Wijesundara Mawatha, Colombo 7, under the honoured patronage of the Ambassador of Thailand to Sri Lanka.

...



# IFC South Asia Regional Director’s visit emphasise support for SL’s development agenda

*2024-04-16 00:58:27*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/IFC-South-Asia-Regional-Director-s-visit-emphasise-support-for-SL-s-development-agenda/34-760645)

Enters into partnership with CDB to foster green portfolio, fostering sustainable and inclusive growth

International Finance Corporation’s Regional Director for South Asia Imad N. Fakhoury was in Sri Lanka reiterating the organisation’s dedication to support Sri Lanka’s development, climate readiness, and resilience efforts during his inaugural trip to the country.

...



# Coca-Cola appoints Kaushali Kusumapala as first female Country Director for Sri Lanka and Maldives

*2024-04-16 00:57:33*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/Coca-Cola-appoints-Kaushali-Kusumapala-as-first-female-Country-Director-for-Sri-Lanka-and-Maldives/34-760644)

Coca-Cola has announced Kaushali Kusumapala’s appointment as the new Country Director for Sri Lanka and Maldives.

Making history as the first Sri Lankan woman in this position, Kaushali succeeds former Country Director, Pankaj Sinha, who assumed the role in 2019. In this position, Kaushali will closely collaborate with bottling teams, customers, partners, consumers and external stakeholders in Sri Lanka and Maldives.

...



# Alert on lightning impacts

*2024-04-16 00:56:52*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/மின்னல்-தாக்கங்கள்-தொடர்பில்-எச்சரிக்கை/175-335976)

The Department of Meteorology has warned that the heavy lightning strikes occur in the rainfall.

Thundershowers will occur in the Western, Sabaragamuwa and North Western Provinces and Galle, Matara and Kandy districts, the department said.

The Department of Meteorology has advised the people that there is a risk of lightning during the rainy season and to be careful in this regard.. (A)



# India lifts export ban on onions for Sri Lanka

*2024-04-16 00:56:41*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/India-lifts-export-ban-on-onions-for-Sri-Lanka/34-760643)

In a gesture reaffirming India’s commitment to its Neighbourhood First policy, the Government of India has announced the lifting of the export ban on onions for Sri Lanka.

Under the new directive issued by the Directorate General of Foreign Trade, Sri Lanka is now permitted to import up to 10,000 tons of onions from India.

The decision to exempt Sri Lanka from the export ban on onions underscores the close bilateral ties between the two countries and comes as a timely move ahead of the Sinhala and Tamil New Year festivities in Sri Lanka.



# Aspiring Sri Lankan tech start up to disrupt global EdTech landscape with HEAD

*2024-04-16 00:56:33*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/Aspiring-Sri-Lankan-tech-start-up-to-disrupt-global-EdTech-landscape-with-HEAD/34-760642)

Sri Lankan technology start up 200ne CODE is making waves in the educational technology (EdTech) sector with the launch of HEADleads, the first pillar of its highly advanced innovative educational ecosystem – HEAD (Higher Education Academic Database).

HEAD leads addresses a major pain point for institutions by offering a streamlined enrolment process including an AI-powered Know Your Customer (KYC) verification system ensuring secure and efficient student onboarding.

...



# Sajith issues clarion call against “classists, communists and extremists”

*2024-04-16 00:56:03*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/Sajith-issues-clarion-call-against-classists-communists-and-extremists/56-760641)

SJB leader shares his vision at National Conference and Policy Dialogue Forum of the Samagi Buddhi Mandapaya featuring host of professionals who highlighted scientific and practical policies to rebuild Sri Lanka

The Samagi Jana Balawegaya (SJB) leader and Presidential hopeful Sajith Premadasa on 7 April took the stage at the SJB National Conference with a clear message for the audience: “He stands apart from other politicians in Sri Lanka today.”

...



# Is the Indian Ocean “Zone of Peace” sinking in troubled waters?

*2024-04-16 00:52:18*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/opinion/Is-the-Indian-Ocean-Zone-of-Peace-sinking-in-troubled-waters/14-760640)

An aerial view of the Village of Kolhuvaariyaafushi, Mulaaku Atoll, the Maldives, after the Indian Ocean Tsunami in December 2004. Credit: UN Photo/Evan Schneider

UNITED NATIONS (IDN) – Just after a group of mercenaries tried to unsuccessfully oust the government of Maldives in 1979, I asked a Maldivian diplomat, using a military jargon, about the strength of his country’s “standing army.”

“Standing army?”, the UN diplomat asked with mock surprise, and remarked perhaps jokingly, “We don’t even have a sitting army.”

...



# Is the Indian Ocean “Zone of Peace” sinking in troubled waters?

*2024-04-16 00:52:18*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/columns/Is-the-Indian-Ocean-Zone-of-Peace-sinking-in-troubled-waters/4-760640)

An aerial view of the Village of Kolhuvaariyaafushi, Mulaaku Atoll, the Maldives, after the Indian Ocean Tsunami in December 2004. Credit: UN Photo/Evan Schneider

UNITED NATIONS (IDN) – Just after a group of mercenaries tried to unsuccessfully oust the government of Maldives in 1979, I asked a Maldivian diplomat, using a military jargon, about the strength of his country’s “standing army.”

“Standing army?”, the UN diplomat asked with mock surprise, and remarked perhaps jokingly, “We don’t even have a sitting army.”

...



# India remains Sri Lanka’s most reliable ally, trusted partner: High Commissioner

*2024-04-16 00:51:41*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/opinion/India-remains-Sri-Lanka-s-most-reliable-ally-trusted-partner-High-Commissioner/14-760639)

Highlight broadening bilateral cooperation boosted by India’s advancing national capabilities

Describes relationship between India and Sri Lanka as uniquely fraternal, unlike any other

Says cooperation between two countries driven by sense of duty, obligation rooted in India’s neighbourhood-first policy and SAGAR vision

Outlines broadening scope of collaboration spanning to infrastructure, economic engagement, trade, investment, culture, education, tourism, security and defence

Emphasis India’s strides in defence capability development as exports soar to $ 2. 6 b

...



# Drowning in the reservoir

*2024-04-16 00:45:59*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/நீர்த்தேக்கத்தில்-மூழ்கி-மூவர்-உயிரிழப்பு/175-335975)

Three people, including a woman drowned in the Victoria reservoir in Kumbukandura area in Teldeniya.

The couple, who lived in the Tihariya area, had gone to their relative's home in the Teldeniya area, police said that the Victoria reservoir had been swimming in the reservoir.. The 23 -year -old husband and a 22 -year -old wife are drowned.

A 37 -year -old man from Aluthwella, who jumped into the reservoir to save the drowning. (A)



# Deflationary policies for debt repayment

*2024-04-16 00:00:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/opinion/Deflationary-policies-for-debt-repayment/172-280720)

World Bank and the IMF are not unaware of the economic devastation caused by their policies

The World Bank and the IMF Spring meetings begin this week in Washington. And with the worst sovereign debt crisis in decades, the pronouncements at these meetings will be monitored closely by many for the relief that debt-distressed countries in the Global South can expect. However, regardless of what is discussed and announced, the policies of the World Bank and the IMF will continue to safeguard the interests of global finance capital to the detriment of the social and economic lives of the people affected by the debt crisis.

...



# CBK’s case against Sirisena and moral suitability of politicians

*2024-04-16 00:00:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/opinion/CBKs-case-against-Sirisena-and-moral-suitability-of-politicians/172-280718)

The Sri Lanka Freedom Party (SLFP) which ruled the country alone and under coalitions for the most part (40 years) of the 76 years since  independence is currently entangled in the second toughest leadership feud in its history. The first leadership tussle occurred in early 1980s, soon after the World’s first Prime Minister Sirimavo Bandaranaike was deprived of her civic rights.

...



# Prioritise building inclusive social protection system: ADB tells Sri Lanka

*2024-04-16 00:00:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Prioritise-building-inclusive-social-protection-system-ADB-tells-Sri-Lanka/108-280728)

The Asian Development Bank (ADB) stressed that for Sri Lanka, the near-term priority during economic recovery is to lay institutional and structural frameworks for an inclusive social protection system.

In the absence of a cohesive social protection strategy and governance mechanism, programmes in the past have been fragmented, with low coverage, poor targeting, high inclusion and exclusion errors and low payments, the ADB said in its annual flagship economic publication, the Asian Development Outlook (ADO) April 2024.

...



# Sunrisers Hyderabad bowed to Hyderabad

*2024-04-15 23:55:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181184)

Bangalore M. Sunrisers Hyderabad won the Royal Challengers Bangalore by 25 runs in the 30th match of the Indian Premier League held on Monday (15) at the Chinnaswamy Stadium.

Sunrisers Hyderabad, who was first invited to bat first, scored 287 runs for the loss of 3 wickets in 20 overs.

Sunrisers Hyderabad's achievements have been played by the five frontier players.

Sunrisers Hyderabad established two records in IPL history in an innings.

Mumbai Indians scored 19 sixes in a match against Mumbai Indians on March 27 in Hyderabad and scored 277 runs. Both are previous achievements established by Sunrisers Hyderabad.

...



# Debate Over Profits Of Banks: Who Shares Them Ultimately? – Part II

*2024-04-15 23:30:52*

[colombotelegraphcom](https://www.colombotelegraph.com/index.php/debate-over-profits-of-banks-who-shares-them-ultimately-part-ii/)

...



# Hayleys Fabric celebrates triple triumph at ISPO Textrends Spring/Summer 2026

*2024-04-15 23:28:11*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/Hayleys-Fabric-celebrates-triple-triumph-at-ISPO-Textrends-Spring-Summer-2026/34-760632)

The Hayleys Fabric Innovation team with their ISPO Nextrend recognition

In a remarkable demonstration of innovation and sustainability, Sri Lanka’s largest textile manufacturer Hayleys Fabric PLC proudly announced its achievement at the prestigious ISPO Textrends Spring/Summer 2026, where three pioneering innovations were recognised.

Serving as a key global benchmark for innovation in the textile industry, the German platform showcases breakthrough advancements of the world’s most innovative and high-performance fabrics.

...



# Pearson unveils PTE Core English exam suite and recognises key agents

*2024-04-15 23:27:31*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/Pearson-unveils-PTE-Core-English-exam-suite-and-recognises-key-agents/34-760631)

South Asia Marketing Manager Gayathrie Sivanathan, Canadian High Commission Political and Trade Counsellor Daniel Bood, South Asia Employability and Qualifications Director Premila Paulra, Sales Deputy General Manager Suriya Bibile

Pearon’s recently launched its PTE core suit of English exams helping to facilitate young people as they seek to achieve their dreams on foreign shores.

In fact, during 2023, over 3200 applications were made by Sri Lankans seeking Permant Residency status in Canada, with 84% receiving approval, highlighting the promising prospects for aspiring Sri Lankans.

...



# Sri Lanka Pakistan Business Council engages in diplomatic outreach

*2024-04-15 23:26:20*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/Sri-Lanka-Pakistan-Business-Council-engages-in-diplomatic-outreach/34-760630)

From left: SLPBC Vice President Shameel Mohideen, Pakistan High Commission Trade and Investment Attaché Asmma Kamal, Pakistan High Commissioner Major General (R) Faheem Ul Aziz, HI (M), SLPBC President Indra Kaushal Rajapaksha, Vice President Wasantha de Silva, Committee Member Ehab Razak and Ceylon Chamber of Commerce Secretariat’s Dilini Yasendra

The Sri Lanka Pakistan Business Council of The Ceylon Chamber of Commerce, recently paid a courtesy call on the newly appointed High Commissioner of Pakistan in Sri Lanka Major General (R) Faheem Ul Aziz, HI (M).

...



# Seamless travel from the Makumbura Multimodal Centre with Uber

*2024-04-15 23:25:49*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/Seamless-travel-from-the-Makumbura-Multimodal-Centre-with-Uber/34-760629)

Government of Sri Lanka Ministry of Transport and Highways Secretary Eng. Ranjith Rubasinghe and Greater Colombo Urban Transport Development Project Project Director Nalaka Dissanayaka launched the Uber Pick-up point along with Uber Sri Lanka Country Manager Kaushalya Gunaratne

Travellers arriving at the Makumbura Multimodal Centre (MMC) can now get a reliable, convenient and affordable Uber ride from a dedicated Uber pick-up point. Situated strategically within Sri Lanka’s expressway network, the MMC serves as a crucial intersection for travellers between Colombo and Southern coastal destinations.

...



# Adani Green’s Khavda power plant world’s largest, 5 times the size of Paris

*2024-04-15 23:25:15*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/Adani-Green-s-Khavda-power-plant-world-s-largest-5-times-the-size-of-Paris/34-760628)

A narrow airstrip that doesn’t even have an air traffic controller to guide incoming airplanes and whose only infrastructure is a portable toilet and a make-shift office in a container in the midst of miles of barren land bordering Pakistan is an unlikely gateway to the world’s largest renewable energy park.

The airstrip was even smaller in December 2022, when Adani Group Head Gautam Adani, who was then the second richest person in the world, first used a small aircraft to reach the barren area that didn’t even have a pin code and got its name from a village 80-kilometers away.

...



# International Coaching Week to feature 20 global experts

*2024-04-15 23:24:49*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/International-Coaching-Week-to-feature-20-global-experts/34-760627)

International Coaching Week is a free week-long virtual event for both aspiring and established coaches, hosted by The International Authority for Professional Coaching and Mentoring (IAPC&M).

It will be from 13 to 17 May 2024. And anyone can join using the link https://coach-accreditation.services/icw-event/

It’s no secret, the coaching industry is well and truly on the rise, but did you know it’s the second fastest industry in the US behind IT? This means more people than ever need coaches! However, the coaching world is an unregulated market.

...



# India allows Sri Lanka to import 10,000MT of onions

*2024-04-15 23:08:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/india-allows-sri-lanka-to-import-10000mt-of-onions-158570/)

ECONOMYNEXT – India has relaxed an export ban allowing 10,000 metric tonnes of onions to be shipped to Sri Lanka, the Indian High Commission in Colombo said.

“The exemption for Sri Lanka reiterated India’s Neighbourhood First policy, adding to the Sinhala and Tamil New Year festivities here,” the statement said.

Onion prices went up in Sri Lanka after India and Pakistan banned exports.

The Directorate General of Foreign Trade has issued a notice allowing National Co-operative Exports Limited to ship 10,000 MT of onions.

The UAE has also been allowed to import 10,000MT of onions on top of 24,400MT already permitted.

...



# India allows Sri Lanka to import 10,000MT of onions

*2024-04-15 23:08:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-allowed-to-import-10000mt-of-onions-from-india-158570/)

ECONOMYNEXT – India has relaxed an export ban allowing 10,000 metric tonnes of onions to be shipped to Sri Lanka, the Indian High Commission in Colombo said.

“The exemption for Sri Lanka reiterated India’s Neighbourhood First policy, adding to the Sinhala and Tamil New Year festivities here,” the statement said.

Onion prices went up in Sri Lanka after India and Pakistan banned exports.

The Directorate General of Foreign Trade has issued a notice allowing National Co-operative Exports Limited to ship 10,000 MT of onions.

The UAE has also been allowed to import 10,000MT of onions on top of 24,400MT already permitted.

...



# Ranjith Siyambalapitiya will soon be able to ease restrictions on vehicle imports - Ranjith Siyambalapitiya

*2024-04-15 22:57:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/181183)

Finance Minister Ranjith Siyambalapitiya said that when the country's economic situation is still somewhat stabilized, there is hope that the definition of goods and vehicle imports can easily be ease.

Needless to be worried about the country's foreign stockpile. We are gradually increasing our stockpile, our stockpile for the central bank was in the fungus. We are currently increasing $ 5 billion. It is possible to do this with a massive commitment. As well as the shortage of materials in large numbers. It is currently being controlled.

...



# Manilal…doing it HIS way

*2024-04-15 22:47:00*

[islandlk](http://island.lk/manilaldoing-it-his-way/)

Manilal Perera, who latched up with the band Mirage, last year, as their frontline vocalist, has decided to do his own thing, once again…with his band Upekka, also as a solo artiste, or even duo, or trio, depending on the occasion, he said.

In the not too distant past, Manilal and Upekka were big in the scene here but family commitments, etc., compelled Manilal to curtail his activities as a performer.

This time, too, he says family commitments are cropping up and he needs to spend time where it matters.

...



# Words…coming out strong

*2024-04-15 22:42:00*

[islandlk](http://island.lk/wordscoming-out-strong/)

Yes, golden words, indeed, from Chandral Fonseka, leader of the group Kings, who celebrated his 69th birthday on Saturday, 30th March.

Says Chandral: “I am 69 and still very much active in the music field. I have no enemies in this world but only friends.

In three Facebook accounts, I have 15,000 friends. Most of them are interacting with me often. I have 4000 contacts on my mobile. I always respond to their posts or calls.

“I have always played music with better musicians than me and gained a lot of insight from them before becoming a leader myself.

...



# Monk’s imprisonment: Aragalaya Victory No. 2

*2024-04-15 22:39:30*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/columns/Monk-s-imprisonment-Aragalaya-Victory-No-2/4-760615)

...



# The super-cricket of England citizes

*2024-04-15 22:39:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/195662)

Foreign media reports that Derek Underwood has died as the excellent spinner in the history of England Test history.

Drek under 86 Tests, played 86 Tests, has played 86 Tests since 1962.

At the time, the monks of the England cricket team called him from the "Dadly."

This unique spin, which created a special chapter in the history of the history of the history of the history of the history of the history of the history of the world, was included in the ICC Hall of Fame.



# Debate over profits of banks: Who shares them ultimately? – Part II

*2024-04-15 22:36:21*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/columns/Debate-over-profits-of-banks-Who-shares-them-ultimately-Part-II/4-760614)

The largest recipient of the gross income of banks happens to be depositors and creditors who have invested in the debentures issued by banks

The actual distribution of banks’ income shows that the major beneficiaries have been not the shareholders, but depositors, employees, other service providers, delinquent customers, and the government. All these categories together account for about 90% of banks’ income and only about 10% is left for shareholders. Hence, the wide-spread belief that banks fatten themselves at the expense of customers is not supported by evidence

...



# Say no to NEPF; say no to abolishing free education

*2024-04-15 22:32:18*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/opinion/Say-no-to-NEPF-say-no-to-abolishing-free-education/14-760613)

We must oppose NEPF in no uncertain terms, and make a call for a wide

ranging consultative mechanism before any reforms in education are proposed or undertaken

We are in the midst of an existentially threatening economic crisis. With an ever-increasing debt burden and low economic prospects, we continue to grapple with uncertain economic futures and related social and political distresses. As university teachers, we are concerned about the multiplicity of recent proposals seeking reforms in education that threaten to bring about a sea change in the way education is conceived of in this country: as a social good.

...

