# #SriLanka :sri_lanka: News Bulletin

<div id="news_lk_bulletin">

*Updated* **2024-03-07 20:02:10**

1. **The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has commenced its second review of the Extended Fund Facility (EFF) program for Sri Lanka** with an opening meeting scheduled with President Ranil Wickremesinghe. This review is a crucial milestone in the ongoing efforts by the government to enhance stability and economic growth. The government aims to conclude a successful review and reach the staff-level agreement which will help unlock the third tranche of the global lender’s bailout package of USD 2.9 billion. [adaderanalk]

2. **The Meteorology Department has issued a heat Index Advisory for tomorrow (08)** for the North-western and Southern provinces and Rathnapura, Anuradhapura, Mannar, Vavuniya, and Mullaitivu districts. Heat index, the temperature felt on the human body is expected to increase up to ‘Caution Level’ at some places in these areas. Under this level of temperature, fatigue is possible with prolonged exposure and activity, while continuing activity could result in heat cramps. [adaderanalk]

3. **Power and Energy Minister Kanchana Wijesekera announced that steps are being taken to introduce a mechanism to pay the connection charge for new electricity connections through an instalment payment scheme**. The proposal to introduce the instalment payment scheme has been approved by the Board of Directors of the Ceylon Electricity Board (CEB) and will be announced by next week. [dailymirrorlk]

4. **Two Sri Lankans are among the 21 crew members rescued by the Indian warship INS Kolkata from the cargo ship ‘True Confidence’**, which was attacked by a missile by Houthi rebels in the Gulf of Aden. One of the rescued Sri Lankan nationals had sustained injuries in the attack. [adaderanalk]

5. **The National Child Protection Authority (NCPA) intends to compile a list containing the names of the offenders convicted of child sexual abuse**. This initiative is aimed at making their information available to concerned parties, as these convicts are most likely to repeat the offences once they are released from custody after serving their prison sentences. [adaderanalk]

6. **The Sri Lanka Postal Department is offering citizens the chance to design postal stamps featuring their own photographs or events**, with a creation cost of Rs.2000. Individuals can now acquire a sheet of stamps with 20 stamps tailored for special occasions like weddings, gatherings, and parties or their own photographs. [dailymirrorlk]

7. **The Sri Lanka Transport Board (SLTB) has made a profit of 1.098 billion rupees in 2023**, despite facing the threat of closure. This achievement was highlighted by Minister of Transport Bandula Gunawardena, who had promised to make the SLTB profitable by 2025. [economynextcom]

8. **The Officer-In-Charge (OIC) of the Udappuwa Police Crimes Division was arrested and subsequently suspended from the service**, for allegedly assaulting a group of villagers on Tuesday night (05 March). Witnesses had also videotaped the police officer in question using crude language with the area residents. [adaderanalk]

9. **The Colombo Stock Exchange (CSE)’s All Share Price Index (ASPI) surpassed 11,000 points today (March 07)** for the first time since October 05, 2023. The ASPI closed at 11,045.90 points at the end of trading today, marking an increase of 1.51% (164.18 points) from the previous day. [adaderanalk]

10. **The Sri Lanka Postal Department aims to record a revenue of Rs.21 billion for 2024** and operate as a self-sustaining institution that is independent of Treasury funds. This was announced by Postmaster General Ruwan Sathkumara, highlighting the department’s new outlook as a business service provider from a public service provider. [dailymirrorlk]

</div>

[Previous](data) Bulletins

## Methodology

This bulletin has been autogenerated by OpenAI's [gpt-4-0125-preview](https://platform.openai.com/docs/models/gpt-4-and-gpt-4-turbo) model, with the following prompt:

*Extract objective facts from this set of news articles, that might be of practical use to ordinary Sri Lankans,and present as 10 detailed bullets. EXCLUDE news not directly relevant to Sri Lanka. DO NOT repeat facts. EXCLUDE marketing/propaganda. EXCLUDE political opinions/statements by politicians. DO mention the name of the source, as "[newspaper]". EMPHASIZE named entities and statistics in bold.*

## Source News

Based on **186** News Articles, from the last **22** hours.

# Basil Mahinda Ranil meets a special meeting

*2024-03-07 19:34:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194268)

Political sources say that Basil Rajapaksa and several special parties have come to the island recently.

The sources further states that the President Mahinda Rajapaksa and President Ranil Wickremesinghe are also joined.

It is reported that the meeting will be held at length at length.



# Can Reduce VAT or Oil Prices - Kanchan

*2024-03-07 19:26:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194267)

Power and Energy Minister Kanchana Wijesekara says that if the VAT is not imposed, a liter of fuel can be marketed at least Rs. 50 to 55 rupees.

At the press conference held at the press conference, the minister expressed these views.

Minister of Power and Energy Kanchantsa Wijesekara, Speaking further,

"The electricity fee reduced on Monday, the restaurants, including Sunday, reduced the amount of increased significant, the increase in the proximity to the increase in the price of a coal price hikeTake "

"The cost of the price formula is not only used to look at a group.. 55 can be reduced "



# Hoouti was about news about Sri Lankans who were attacked

*2024-03-07 19:06:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194266)

One of the two Sri Lankans in the ship was attacked by the Sri Lanka Navy said that one of the two Sri Lankans were injured.

Meanwhile, we asked the Foreign Minister of Foreign Minister Ali Sabri regarding the Sri Lankans who were infected with the ship.

The Foreign Minister said that steps are being taken to investigate the incident.

Two Sri Lankan guards, Nepal defenders, and staff were in the attack on foreign media.

There are 15 Filipino between staff, four Vietnamese and an Indian.

After the attack, a fire had erupted and the crowd had abandoned the ship.

Three of the injured have been critical in US reports.

...



# Monetary Fund happily

*2024-03-07 18:50:47*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/මූල්‍ය-අරමුදල-ලංකාව-ගැන-සතුටින්/11-408483)

The International Monetary Fund (UN Sen.) The International Monetary Fund, Sri Lanka's Senior Mission, for Sri Lanka, said that the Sri Lankan economy begins to restore the Sri Lankan economy.

President Ranil Wickremesinghe and the International Monetary Fund delegation held at the Ministry of Finance today (07)

He also thanked the Sri Lankan authorities for the implementation of the program.



# Sri Lankans among crew members rescued after fatal Houthi attack on ship off Yemen

*2024-03-07 18:49:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97803/sri-lankans-among-crew-members-rescued-after-fatal-houthi-attack-on-ship-off-yemen)

Two Sri Lankans are among the 21 crew members rescued by the Indian warship INS Kolkata from the cargo ship ‘True Confidence’ which was attacked by a missile by Houthi rebels in the Gulf of Aden, according to the Sri Lanka Navy.

The navy spokesman Gayan Wickremasuriya further confirmed that one of the rescued Sri Lankan nationals had sustained injuries in the attack.

India’s navy evacuated all 20 crew from a stricken vessel in the Red Sea on March 7, after a Houthi attack killed three seafarers in the first civilian fatalities from the Yemeni group’s campaign against the key shipping route.

...



# State Music Awards will be centered

*2024-03-07 18:37:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194265)

The State Music Awards ceremony was held yesterday (06) at the Faculty of the Nelum Pokuna Theater.

The awards ceremony is conducting the excellence and encouragement of the artists and prospects for the tomorrow.

Sangitha Philanthi Awards, Ven. Devananda and Anthony Surendra receives only once in life.

Awards and Certificates were presented as awarded awards, merit awards, jury special assessment under the children, women's and male.

The awards ceremony was organized by the Ministry of Buddha Sasana and Cultural Affairs.



# Hoouti released 21

*2024-03-07 18:10:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194264)

Ten persons were rescued from the missile strikes and a commercialized ship to a commercial ship, Yemen, and the missile attacks on the LTTE's calendar.

The Indian Navy said that the suspects were redeemed by the Coltata ship, helicopters and boats.



# Harakatta, who has been detained at CIT, is the fortress who goes to observe both of them!

*2024-03-07 18:08:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/178195)

Fort Magistrate Thilina Kamage visited the Criminal Investigation Department on Thursday evening and observed the suspects, including Kudusalindu and Harakkatta.

The magistrate has ordered the Director of the Criminal Investigation Department to present the suspects in court and to inform the court and provide legal assistance.

When Harakatta told the Justice of the Judge that he was suffering from fever, the judge ordered the Criminal Investigation Department to provide treatment.



# Deshabandu’s appointment as IGP challenged before Supreme Court

*2024-03-07 17:59:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Deshabandus-appointment-as-IGP-challenged-before-Supreme-Court/108-278430)

Colombo, March 07 (Daily Mirror) -  A Fundamental Rights petition has been filed before the Supreme Court seeking an order preventing Deshabandu Tennakoon from functioning as the Inspector General of Police.

The Anti Corruption Movement affiliated to the Samagi Jana Balawegaya (SJB) filed this petition, further seeking a declaration that newly appointed IGP Deshabandu Tennakoon is unfit to hold public office including any post in the Sri Lanka Police Force.

...



# Heat advisory: Temperatures to reach ‘caution level’ in 10 districts

*2024-03-07 17:56:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97802/heat-advisory-temperatures-to-reach-caution-level-in-10-districts)

The Meteorology Department has issued a heat Index Advisory for tomorrow (08) for the North-western and Southern provinces and Rathnapura, Anuradhapura, Mannar, Vavuniya and Mullaitivu districts.

Heat index, the temperature felt on the human body is expected to increase up to ‘Caution Level’ at some places in North-western and Southern provinces and in Rathnapura, Anuradhapura, Mannar, Vavuniya and Mullaitivu districts, it said.

As per the advisory, under this level of temperature, fatigue is possible with prolonged exposure and activity, while continuing activity could result in heat cramps, the Department warned.

...



# Hamas negotiating crew left Cairo

*2024-03-07 17:47:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/178192)

Egyptian officials today said that representatives of the Hamas movement, who were negotiating on the ceasefire, had left Cairo.

Qatar and Egypt's arrangement held talks in the Egyptian capital of Cairo over the ceasefire between Israel and Hamas in Gaza.

Hamas representatives have left Cairo for advice. However, the Egyptian media has reported that a government sources have reported that the negotiations will begin again next week.

Hamas Representative Sami Abu Zuhri has said that Israel has blocked all efforts by the mediators to establish an agreement.



# Chanakyan should focus on MP's security - request to Opposition Leader Speaker

*2024-03-07 17:45:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/178190)

Opposition leader Sajith Premadasa said the Speaker should ensure the safety of Opposition Member Rasamanikam MP and take appropriate action on his allegation.

He said this in a statement on Thursday (07) in Parliament.

It is the duty of the Speaker, including the Speaker, to ensure the safety of MPs within the Parliament and the Parliamentary Complex. According to opposition member Rasamanikam, he went to his office to meet the Prime Minister and accused the ruling party member Rahitha Abeygunawardena of trying to attack him.. This is a massive accusation.

...



# CEB to introduce instalment payment scheme for new connections: Minister

*2024-03-07 17:33:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/CEB-to-introduce-instalment-payment-scheme-for-new-connections-Minister/108-278429)

Parliament, March 7 (Daily Mirror)- Steps are being taken to introduce a mechanism to pay the connection charge for new electricity connections through an instalment payment scheme, Power and Energy Minister Kanchana Wijesekara said today.

He told Parliament that the proposal to introduce the instalment payment scheme has been approved by the Board of Directors of the Ceylon Electricity Board (CEB) and that it will be announced by next week.

...



# Four-year-old child killed in a lorry

*2024-03-07 17:19:26*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/පාපැදියෙන්-සෙල්ලම්-කරමින්-සිටි-අවුරුදු-හතරේ-දරුවෙක්--ලොරියක-ගැටි-මරුට/11-408482)

The Noroichchola Phithurai Puthui journeys along the way to enter his bicycle

Dimodi Batta Lorry has been killed after admitting to the Puttalam Base Hospital

Norochcholai police say. The deceased is Mohamed Saki Saki Saki Saki Saki Saki Saki Saki Mohamed is six months old.

Little children riding the home of the house of the house where the dead child was taken by his parents

It is said that the road has come to the road from playing with a group.

Batta lorry was on the road, and the Puttalam basic

This death is not a good DIMO Batta with no proper search for the child on the proper neglect of parent

...



# News for those who have a new vehicle

*2024-03-07 17:13:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194262)

China's BYD is now being crowned in the world's vehicle market.

Elon Mask's Tesla e-vehicle was able to become 1 in Japan, defeated Nissan in Japan 2015 or 2016.

Since then, the Tesla has crossed the Tesla, which became the most difficult of electric vehicle, was in the fourth quarter of 2023.

In October to December last year, the BYD arrived at the front, selling 526,409 electronic vehicles compared to 484,000 electronic vehicles.

But the total number of 2023, Tesla sold 18.1 million to the vehicles.

However, when the petrol fuel or batteries were treated, 3 million vehicles have been marketed in the year 2023.

...



# More petitions against Deshabandu's appointment

*2024-03-07 16:57:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194261)

Deshabandu Tennakoon, acting as acting IGP, has submitted two fundamental rights petitions on the Supreme Court demanding an IGP.

Niroshan Padukka of the Samagi Podayakka presented a petition and Prof. Savitri Gunasekera has filed another petition.

The Attorney General and Inspector General of Constitution, the Attorney General and Inspector General of Constitution has been named as respondents.

The petitioners claim that the Constitutional Council has not received the proper entity of the Constitutional Council to appoint Deshabandu Tennakoon as IGP.



# The President has to provide fast houses to all the homeless families living in Ghajimawatha

*2024-03-07 16:55:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/178187)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe has issued a directive to the relevant authorities to carry out the necessary tasks to provide houses to all the homeless families living in Gajimawatte, Colombo.

The President also announced that the work should be carried out in accordance with the policies and criteria of the government.

President Ranil Wickremesinghe gave these instructions during a discussion held at the Presidential Office on Wednesday afternoon on the Gazihavam Housing issue in Colombo.

...



# Petition filed against Sri Lanka-Thailand FTA

*2024-03-07 16:53:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97800/petition-filed-against-sri-lanka-thailand-fta)

A fundamental rights (FR) petition has been filed before the Supreme Court challenging the Sri Lanka-Thailand Free Trade Agreement (SLTFTA).

The petitioners have requested the Supreme Court to deliver an order preventing the implementation of the trade deal.

A total of 27 individuals including the Attorney General (on behalf of the President), the Prime Minister, the Cabinet Ministers, Secretary to the Finance Ministry and Secretary to the Trade Ministry have been named as respondents of this petition.

...



# Goods and services should be decreased relative to reducing electricity tariff - Kanana

*2024-03-07 16:46:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194260)

Minister of Power and Energy Kanchana Wijesekara today (07) said that the businessmen should influence the price of goods and services.

Minister Kanchana Wijesekara was speaking at a special press conference held at the Presidential Media Unit.



# Ayalo Arts, who killed Missinaya

*2024-03-07 16:44:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194259)

Two brothers who were accused of killing their brother-in-law in 2004 were sentenced to death.



# Indian warship saves 21 crew members from drone-hit vessel in Gulf of Aden

*2024-03-07 16:38:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97799/indian-warship-saves-21-crew-members-from-drone-hit-vessel-in-gulf-of-aden)

Indian Navy swiftly responded to a distress call from the Gulf of Aden where a merchant vessel caught fire after being hit by a missile, and rescued 21 crew members, including one Indian national.

The Indian Navy informed in a statement on Thursday that its naval warship, INS Kolkata swiftly acted against Wednesday’s maritime incident and all the crew members were safely evacuated to Djibouti.

...



# Two men arrested with over 3.3kg of ‘Ice’ in Wattala

*2024-03-07 16:34:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97798/two-men-arrested-with-over-33kg-of-ice-in-wattala)

The Police Narcotics Bureau (PNB) has arrested two suspects along with more than 3 kilograms of crystal methamphetamine, commonly known as ‘Ice’.

The duo, aged 27 and 31, was taken into custody during an operation conducted in Elakanda, Hendala of Wattala police area on Wednesday (March 06).

They were identified as residents of Sedawatta and Mattakkuliya areas.

The PNB officers have seized 3.3kg of ‘Ice’ from the possession of the suspects.



# A bomb blast in a house in Batticaloa;Injury

*2024-03-07 16:33:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/178185)

Vaharai police said that one person was injured when a bomb exploded in a house in front of the Vaharai police station in Batticaloa.

The owner of a house in front of the police station has cleaned the day today.

Then a hand grenade exploded with a massive noise when the garbage burned down. In this case, the owner of the house has been admitted to the Madhu Teaching Hospital after being injured.



# IMF team says Sri Lanka’s EFF program showing signs of working

*2024-03-07 16:30:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97797/imf-team-says-sri-lankas-eff-program-showing-signs-of-working)

The International Monetary Fund (IMF)’s Senior Mission Chief for Sri Lanka Peter Breuer says the IMF program is showing signs of working and is translating into real outcomes thanks to the Sri Lankan authorities’ commitment to the program and its implementation.

He had stated this during the meeting held today (07) between President Ranil Wickremesinghe and the visiting IMF team at the Finance Ministry, the President’s Media Division (PMD) reported.

Mr. Breuer further stated that it is heartening to see the country’s economy starting to turn around following the recent economic crisis.

...



# More than 1,000 people die in breast cancer

*2024-03-07 16:27:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194258)

Dr. Jayasuriya Dissanayake says that 1,095 women will die for breast cancer every year.

Dr. Jayasuriya Dissanayake revealed this to the Third Minister of Indira Jayasuriya, who participated in the event held in Kandy today (07).

...



# Fort Magistrate CID to monitor the powder and monarch

*2024-03-07 16:17:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194257)

Fort Magistrate Thilina Gamage went to the CID today (07) to monitor the Criminal Investigations Unknown and Wickremaratne.

Beef and Kudu has requested the trekkanda Magistrate to submit to court as detention orders are over at the time of observing the suspects.

The Magistrate has also ordered the Director of the Criminal Investigation Department when the final suspects were produced before the courts and to take out the suspects.

The OIC of the Criminal Investigations Department (CID) OIC of the CID has notified one of 4 cecic cameras in the suspects.

...



# CSE’s All Share Price Index crosses 11,000-point mark

*2024-03-07 16:14:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97796/cses-all-share-price-index-crosses-11000-point-mark)

The All Share Price Index (ASPI) of the Colombo Stock Exchange (CSE) surpassed 11,000 points today (March 07) for the first time since October 05, 2023.

The ASPI closed at 11,045.90 points at the end of trading today, marking an increase of 1.51% (164.18 points) from the previous day.

Meanwhile, the S&P SL20 closed at 3,147.45 points today, up by 1.52% (47.15 points) from the previous day.

More than 160 million shares were traded overall within the day and the market turnover topped Rs. 2.63 billion.



# IMF says that the results are being received

*2024-03-07 16:12:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194256)

The International Monetary Fund (IMF) team leader Pira Bruvrewart says that the results of the program implemented in the country.

He has said that the authorities are committed to the success of the program successfully.

As a result, the economy is growing again.

Bruvar said this was the President Ranil Wickremesinghe and the International Monetary Fund team at the Ministry of Finance.



# Rohitha Abeygunawardena sought to attack;Investigate through the Private Committee - Chanakyan

*2024-03-07 16:07:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/178182)

Parliamentarian Rohitha Abeygunawardena threatened me at the Prime Minister's Office and sought to attack. My life is threatened by his actions. The Tamil National Alliance (TNA) parliamentarian Chanakyan Rasamanikam urged the Deputy Speaker to investigate the incident through privilege and disciplinary committee.

He was speaking at the adjournment debate held in Parliament on Thursday (07).

...



# Special trains on main, nothern lines during long weekend

*2024-03-07 16:05:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Special-trains-on-main-nothern-lines-during-long-weekend/108-278428)

Colombo, March 6 (Daily Mirror) - The Railways Department has assigned special train services on the main line and the northern line to facilitate the movements of commuters during the upcoming long weekend.

They said one train is scheduled to leave for Badulla from Colombo Fort at 7.30 a.m. on Friday (8).

On March 10, a train is scheduled to leave for Colombo Fort from Badulla at 745 a.m.

Another train service will operate from Colombo Fort to Badulla at 7.30 p.m. on March 7, 8 and 10.

Meanwhile, another train service will operate from Badulla to Colombo Fort at 5.20 p.m. on March 7, 8 and 10.

...



# 'State Music Awards' Nelum Pokuna

*2024-03-07 16:03:21*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/’රාජ්‍ය-සංගීත-සම්මාන-උලෙළ’-නෙළුම්-පොකුණ-සරසයි/11-408480)

The 'State Music Awards Festival was held at the main objective of the main objective of' 'Tomorrow Tomorrow' for tomorrow.

Sangithabhima Vidyalaya Vidyalaka Devananda Devananda and Anthony Surathrandra receives only once in life.

Awards and Certificates were presented as awarded awards, merit awards, jury special assessment under the children, women's and male.

Buddhasasana Religious and Cultural Affairs, Secretary of the Ministry of Cultural and Cultural Affairs, the Director of Cultural and Cultural Affairs of the Ministry of Cultural Affairs, the Director of Cultural Affairs and the State Music Advisor jointly organized the award..

...



# The activities that affect the people in the Mannar Island area should be completely stopped

*2024-03-07 15:49:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/178171)

Indian fishermen are taking place to destroy the livelihood of our fishermen. In this backdrop, the Mannar Citizens Committee Chairman Aruttantha Sakamas Adikallar said that the process of setting up of heavy sand excavations and wind power generation towers in the Mannar Island area is in secret.

He was speaking at a media briefing held at the office in Mannar on Thursday (7) afternoon.

Our fishermen are unable to live due to the violation of Indian fishermen. Although we have made various efforts over the past 10 years, there has been no decision.

...



# Rohitha Abeygunawardena as the new chairman of the Cobb group

*2024-03-07 15:47:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/178178)

Sri Lanka PA's parliamentarian Rohitha Abeygunawardena has been elected as the new Chairman of the Government Responsibility Committee (COPE Committee) today (07).



# There is a hot situation to many areas tomorrow

*2024-03-07 15:47:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194255)

The Department of Meteorology issued a new statement that heat at several places tomorrow (08).



# FR petition against Sri Lanka - Thailand trade agreement

*2024-03-07 15:43:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194253)

A fundamental rights petition filed before the Supreme Court demanding an order to issue a prevention of the Free Trade Agreement signed between Sri Lanka and Thailand.

Attorney General, the Attorney General, members including the Prime Minister, members including the Cabinet Members of the Prime Minister and the Ministry of Cabinet Members were named as respondents.



# The Prime Minister promised the Prime law

*2024-03-07 15:43:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194254)

Prime Minister Dinesh Gunawardena assured Parliament that the Cabinet decision to the Paradise Law is implemented immediately.

The Prime Minister expressed his views in response to a question raised by the Opposition Leader in Parliament.

Speaking further the Prime Minister said that the Settlement Committee in the banking sector should be implemented.

...



# One injury in the blast

*2024-03-07 15:39:34*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/மட்டக்களப்பு/குண்டு-வெடிப்பில்-ஒருவர்-காயம்/73-334343)

One person was injured when a bomb exploded in a house in front of the Vaharai police station in Batticaloa. The incident took place on Thursday (07) at 12 noon, Vaharai police said.

The owner of a house in front of the police station was cleaning the land and burning it, he was admitted to the Teaching Hospital when a handgun exploded with a massive noise.



# IUSF convenor released on bail

*2024-03-07 15:38:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97795/iusf-convenor-released-on-bail)

The convenor of the Inter-University Students’ Federation (IUSF) Madushan Chandrajith and another student activist, who were arrested during a protest in Colombo yesterday, have been released on bail.

They were ordered released on personal bonds of Rs. 500,000 each by the Colombo Magistrate’s Court when they were produced before the court today (07).

The IUSF convenor and another student activist were arrested by police during the protest march staged by a large number of university students in Colombo yesterday, which was subsequently met with water cannons fired by the police.



# President orders regarding homeless families in Kajimawatte

*2024-03-07 15:37:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194252)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe instructed the relevant officials to provide immediate housing residents of the Colombo resident of Colombo.

The President also informed the government to carry out these activities in accordance with the government policies and policies of the houses.

President Ranil Wickremesinghe gave this advice participating at the discussion held at the Presidential Secretariat yesterday (06) at the Presidential Secretariat.

The President also instructed the officials to look into the existing government buildings and lands in the Colombo Municipal area and look into the land for commercial purposes.

...



# CEB to introduce instalment payments for new electricity connections

*2024-03-07 15:33:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97794/ceb-to-introduce-instalment-payments-for-new-electricity-connections)

Minister of Power & Energy Kanchana Wijesekera says the electricity consumers will be allowed to make the payments for their new connections on an instalment basis.

Addressing the parliamentary session earlier today (March 07), the lawmaker said the consumers will be able to pay 25% of the connection fee upfront and the remaining amount within 10 or 12 instalments.

The Ceylon Electricity Board (CEB) is currently working on introducing this facility to the consumers and its Board of Directors has also green-lighted the endeavour, Wijesekera said further.



# A packet packet of powder is drowned

*2024-03-07 15:22:53*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/කුඩු-පැකට්-එකක්-උගුරෙ-හිර-වෙලා--ජාවාරම්කරුවකු-මරුට/11-408479)

Chilaw Hospital, arilly conducted by Chilaw Hospital to the Chilaw Magistrate Shashitha De Silva on a post mortem to be treated at the Chilaw Hospital.

Mr. Ilangaratne Bunga says that the death is a death due to the respiratory disorders, which have been imprisoned with a rational polythene covering.

The deceased is Prabhat Abeywara, a resident of Chilaw, Ratnawna, Chilaw, Kegalle. According to police investigations, the patronage had 5000 grams of heroin.

...



# Attorney convener released on bail

*2024-03-07 15:22:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194251)

The convener of the Interview Students Federation Madushan Chandrajith has been released on basement.

Convener of the Interview Student Federation Madushan Chandrajith was arrested by the convener of the Student Students Federation in Borella yesterday.

Another person arrested in the protest was presented to the Aluthkade Magistrate's Court today on two bail of Rs.



# Sergeant arrested for helping beef

*2024-03-07 15:20:47*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/හරක්-කටාට-පැන-යාමට-උදව්-කළයැ-සැරයන්-අත්අඩංගුවට/11-408478)

The Terrorism Investigation Division (TBA), police spokesman, said that a police sergeant who is an organized criminal and a drug dealer in detention detention detention department has been arrested by the Terrorism Investigation Division.

The suspect is an officer attached to the Matara Division Criminal Investigation Division. The suspect was arrested at the residence in the Mandamagama North Keneagahawatta.

The Terrorism Investigation Division is conducted by the Inspector General of Investigation by the Inspector General of Police and instructed by the IGP's orders and instructions on the help of a police constable.



# Rohitha

*2024-03-07 15:19:06*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/කෝප්-සභාපතිකම-රෝහිතට/11-408477)

Mr. Rohitha Abeygunawardena has been appointed as the Chairman of the Parliamentary Select Committee of the Public Business. He has been appointed to the post with a majority of member MPs. The COPE committee is one of the main committees of a number of irregularities in government institutions.



# Rohitha Abeygunawardane new COPE Chairman

*2024-03-07 15:02:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Rohitha-Abeygunawardane-new-COPE-Chairman/108-278427)

SLPP MP Rohitha Abeygunawardane was elected chairman of the Committee on Public Enterprises today.



# Lasantha re -elected as the leader of the Gopa group

*2024-03-07 14:57:55*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/கோபா-குழுத்-தலைவராக-லசந்த-மீண்டும்-தெரிவு/175-334338)

Parliamentarian Lasantha Alagiyavanna has been re -elected as the Chairman of the Committee on Public Accounts.

Mohan Priyadarshana de Silva, Prasanna Ranawira, K. Qatar Mastan, Diana Kamage, Samara Sampath Dasanayake, Vajira Abeywardena, ALM. Ataullah, Wimalaweera Dissanayake, Jayantha Ketagoda, (Dr.) Major, Pradeep Undukoda, Kodaurukkuttu, Premnath C. Dolawatte, Muditha Prishanti, MWD Sahan Pradeep Vidhana, Madura Vidhanage, D. It is also noteworthy that Weerasinghe and Manjula Dissanayake are also a part of it.



# Two arrested with 3kg

*2024-03-07 14:57:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194249)

Two suspects have been arrested by the police with more than 3kg of ice cast.

The arrested persons were residents of Sedawatta and Matuliya areas aged 27 and 31 years old.

The raid was carried out according to information received by the Police Narcotics Bureau.

The suspects and the Ice drug have been taken into custody in the Wattala Police Division in Helakanda area.

Police have found 3 335 grams 335 grams of ice narcotics in possession.



# Rohitha came to attack - Shaanakiyan

*2024-03-07 14:52:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194248)

Two Members of Parliament have gone to clash at the Prime Minister of Parliament.

Ilankai Thamil Arasu Kachchi Kachchi Kachchi Kachchi Kachchi Kachchi Shranakkiyan Mr Parliamentas MP Rohitha Abeygunawardena said that MP Rohitha Abeygunawardena tried to attack him.



# “Solving the street dog problem”

*2024-03-07 14:51:58*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/தெருநாய்-பிரச்சினைக்கு-தீர்வு-காண-வேண்டும்/175-334337)

Defense Minister Pramitha Bandara Tennakoon today said that about 6.2 million street vendors are wandering around in different parts of the country.

He told Parliament that this situation has caused massive problems in tourism like Sigiriya.

According to statistics available, there are 6.2 million street dogs in the country, which has caused huge problems.

He said it was important to solve the problem as it has caused serious problems in tourism areas.

Minister Tennakoon said the government was planning to bring new laws to reduce the harm to animals and stressed the need to address everything before animals.



# Rohitha becomes chairman

*2024-03-07 14:42:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194247)

Parliamentarian Rohitha Abeygunawardena has been elected to the post of Chairman of the Committee (COPE) of the Committee.



# Lasantha Alagiyawanna re-elected COPA Chairman

*2024-03-07 14:33:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Lasantha-Alagiyawanna-re-elected-COPA-Chairman/108-278426)

Parliament, March 7 (Daily Mirror)- Parliamentarian Lasantha Alagiyawanna was re-elected as the Chairman of the Committee on Public Accounts today.

The members of the COPA are Mohan Priyadarshana De Silva, Prasanna Ranaweera,  K. Kader Masthan, Diana Gamage,  Chamara Sampath Dasanayake,  Vajira Abeywardana,  A.L.M. Athaullah,  Wimalaweera Dissanayake,  Jayantha Ketagoda, (Dr) Major Pradeep Undugoda,  Karunadasa Kodithuwakku,  Isuru Dodangoda,  Premnath C. Dolawatte, Muditha Prishanthi,  M.W.D. Sahan Pradeep Withana, Madhura Withanage, D. Weerasingha and Manjula Dissanayake.



# Chanakyan M. Attempted attack on B

*2024-03-07 14:30:12*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/சாணக்கியன்-எம்-பி-மீது-தாக்குதல்-முயற்சி/175-334336)

Chanakyan MP told the House that PA had threatened me and tried to attack me.

On the way to the Prime Minister's Office, he said he tried to attack the Prime Minister of our country.

How can we get justice for our people as long as these racists are in the country?Tamil MPs are not guaranteed in this country. Chanakyan MP told the House that my confession was filed in Parliament for my violation of my privilege. Remble



# Lasantha Alagiyawanna elected new chairman of COPA

*2024-03-07 14:23:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97793/lasantha-alagiyawanna-elected-new-chairman-of-copa)

State Minister Lasantha Alagiyawanna has been elected as the new chairman of the Committee on Public Accounts (COPA).

Meanwhile, MPs Tissa Attanayake, Kabir Hashim, Niroshan Perera, J. C. Alawathuwala, Ashok Abeysinghe, Sivagnanam Shritharan, Hector Appuhamy, M. Udayakumar, Weerasumana Weerasinghe, Dr. Harini Amarasuriya have been nominated to serve in the committee.



# Lasantha and Rohitha elected as COPA, COPE chairmen

*2024-03-07 14:23:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97793/lasantha-and-rohitha-elected-as-copa-cope-chairmen)

State Minister Lasantha Alagiyawanna has been elected as the chairman of the Committee on Public Accounts (COPA).

Meanwhile, SLPP MP Rohitha Abeygunawardena has been elected the chairman of the Committee on Public Enterprises (COPE).

New MPs nominated to the COPA are as Tissa Attanayake, Kabir Hashim, Niroshan Perera, J. C. Alawathuwala, Ashok Abeysinghe, Sivagnanam Shritharan, Hector Appuhamy, M. Udayakumar, Weerasumana Weerasinghe, Dr. Harini Amarasuriya.

...



# New heavins to Kajimawatta

*2024-03-07 14:21:44*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/කජිමාවත්තට-අළුත්-හෙවනක්/11-408476)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe has instructed the relevant officials to provide the necessary activities to provide immediate houses for all homeless families in Colombo, Colombo.

The President also informed the government to carry out these activities in accordance with the government policies and policies of the houses.

The officials have also advised the officials to look into the possibilities of the Urban Power and Lands in the Colombo Municipal Council.

The President also pointed out the importance of implementing the implementation by private investment through private investment.



# Lasantha, Chairman of Kopa

*2024-03-07 14:21:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194246)

Minister of Transport Lasantha Alagiyawanna has been elected to the post of Chairman of the Government Accounting Committee (Kapa).



# Commander inspires schoolgirl’s aviation dream at ’’Air Tattoo’’

*2024-03-07 14:17:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/caption-story/Commander-inspires-schoolgirls-aviation-dream-at-Air-Tattoo/110-278425)

The "Air Tattoo - 2024" educational and technical exhibition, held in conjunction with the 73rd anniversary of the Sri Lanka Air Force, was inaugurated yesterday at the Muttraweli Ground in Jaffna. Air Marshal Udeni Rajapaksa, Commander of the Sri Lanka Air Force presenting a symbolic aircraft souvenir to a schoolgirl, inspiring her dream of becoming an aviator.



# Protesters damages to Mexico President

*2024-03-07 14:16:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194245)

A group of demonstrators in Mexico has been rolled by a cab, a cab.

The group agitated against the loss of 43 students in 2014.

A video circulation of social media shows that a white cab is hit by the main door of the President.

According to foreign media reports, the president's manuel lopez obtakor was participating in the daily press conference.

It is reported that the police had tear gas to control the protesters and that security barriers were established to prevent protesters from the president.

About 100 people have been arrested for this protest and the damaged by the President was arrested.



# Knife at University of Mexico: Two women kill

*2024-03-07 14:14:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/178168)

Officials said a 20 -year -old man had attacked and the victim was also injured in the incident.



# The President's promise to Mubarak al-Mubarak

*2024-03-07 14:13:53*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/ජනපති-දුන්-පොරොන්දුවක්-මල්වා‌නේ-අල්-මුබාරක්ට--මල්ඵළ-ගනියි/11-408475)

Foundation of the Festival of the College, Ranil Wickremesinghe, attending the Festival of Mubarana, Mubarak Central College, was attended by President Ranil Wickremesinghe with the participation of a fullest auditorchanics President of Climate Change.6rd.

According to the President's instructions, the auditorium was allocated to build this auditorium and will be constructed with all the facilities that collect around 5,000 students.

Speaking at the ceremony to lay the foundation of the new auditorium, Ruwan Wijewardene said that the construction of the auditorium will be implemented with immediate end.



# Man arrested for running a fake medical center

*2024-03-07 14:08:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194244)

The Biyagama Police have arrested a person who was illegally running a medical medical center in Bandarawatta, Biyagama.

The 66-year-old resident of the same area, the man who was a doctor, has been conducting the medical treatment, police said.

The suspect's son is a registered doctor and he has registered the relevant Medical Center in 2017.

In July, 2023, he was abroad and followed the relevant Medical Center with his father, falsely used his father's name.



# Notice of new power connection

*2024-03-07 13:58:36*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/புதிய-மின்-இணைப்பு-குறித்து-வெளியான-அறிவிப்பு/175-334334)

Minister of Power and Energy Kanjana Wijesekera said that the new power supply is likely to be paid in installments.

He was responding to a question raised by MP HM Dharmasena.

He added that steps have been taken to introduce the remaining amount of money in 10 or 12 installments, paying only 25 per cent of the cost of power connection.



# Close observation of people with high assets

*2024-03-07 13:51:03*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/ඉහළ-වත්කම්-ඇති-අය-ගැන-සමීප-නිරීක්ෂණයක්/11-408474)

The Department of Inland Revenue issues announcement to focus on the tax conformal to the tax conformal to the tax conformity of the tax compliance.

The department releases a none of the new officers to be deployed to deploy additional assets and providing technical facilities to high income and higher assets.



# Trade union complaint to governor

*2024-03-07 13:45:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/178163)

The Secretary to the Northern Province - Secretary to the Northern Provincial Association (ICFI), the Secretary of the National Association (Limited) National Association (NCP) has appealed to the Governor of the Northern Province that the National Transfer Policy has been violated and improper and discriminatory on the occasions when the Sri Lanka Education Administrative Service Officers have been transferred to the Northern Province Public Service.

...



# Some 6.2 mn stray dogs roaming in the country: Pramitha Bandara

*2024-03-07 13:44:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Some-6-2-mn-stray-dogs-roaming-in-the-country-Pramitha-Bandara/108-278423)

Parliament, March 7 (Daily Mirror)- Some 6.2 million stray dogs are roaming in different parts of the country, State Minister of Defence Pramitha Bandara Tennakoon said today.

He told Parliament that this situation has caused serious issues in tourist areas such as Sigiriya.

The Minister said, according to statistics available, there are 6.2 million stray dogs in the country and that this has posed serious issues.

He said it is important to find solutions to address this issue as it has posed serious issues in tourist areas as well.

...



# Maithri Surnsenced the house on Pagtat Road

*2024-03-07 13:42:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194243)

Former President Maithripala Sirisena says he is looking to take legal action against persons on the house of Pagtated Road, Colombo, who was residing at the time of the presidency.

He made this special statement in parliament today (07), he said that he had returned from the house for two and a half years.

Maithripala Sirisena said that the house was obtained from a minister and later lived there and lived there.

...



# The cabinet decision to suspend the law law will be implemented immediately

*2024-03-07 13:36:03*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/පරාටේ-නීතිය-අත්හිටුවීමේ-කැබිනට්-තීරණය-වහාම-ක්‍රියාත්මක-කරනවා/11-408473)

Prime Minister Dinesh Gunawardena assured in Parliament today to promptly implementation of the Required Amendments to Parliament.. He emphasized that the Settlement Committee in the banking sector should be implemented.

The Prime Minister expressed his comments to auction and prevent the government to aucilize the government and the government should intervene in Parliament, saying that the government should intervene in Parliament, saying that the government should intervene.

"Therefore, we also decided as the Cabinet of the Cabinet as Minister of Finance and bring amendment immediately to Parliament.

...



# Wildlife Minister to look into environmental issues caused by Mannar wind power project

*2024-03-07 13:36:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Wildlife-Minister-to-look-into-environmental-issues-caused-by-Mannar-wind-power-project/108-278421)

Parliament, March 07 (Daily Mirror)- Wildlife Minister Pavitnhradevi Wanniarachchi today told Parliament that she will look into the environmental issues caused by the proposed wind power project in Mannar.

The Minister gave this assurance in response to a question raised by Leader of Opposition Sajith Premadasa who said the proposed wind power project might block the birds’ corridor in Mannar.

The Minister said she will have a dialogue with Professor Sampath Seneviratne of Colombo University who had warned of the environmental effect of the wind power project.

...



# The lecturer shoots the medical student

*2024-03-07 13:32:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194242)

A medical student was injured in a shooting at a medical college in Bangladesh.

According to media reports, he was arrested yesterday after the patronage began yesterday (06) after the commencement of the protest against the arrest of the lecturer.

There was a dispute between Sharif and 23-year-old medical student and Sharif had shot.



# Group of 13 Sri Lankan chefs who went to Ambani’s son’s wedding return

*2024-03-07 13:27:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Group-of-13-Sri-Lankan-chefs-who-went-to-Ambanis-sons-wedding-return/108-278422)

Katunayaka, March 7 (Daily Mirror) - Thirteen chefs who were selected and taken from Sri Lanka to prepare food for the wedding ceremony of Anant Ambani, the youngest son of Indian billionaire businessman Ambani, returned to Sri Lanka this morning through the Bandaranaike International Airport (BIA).

These chefs were selected based on customer feedback, Google reviews and recommendations.

These 13 chefs have prepared and served Sri Lankan food in the latest ways in their restaurants.

...



# Today's currency exchange rate

*2024-03-07 13:24:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/178159)

The US dollar purchasing price was Rs.



# Yall. An accident in front of the Nallur temple

*2024-03-07 13:19:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/178156)

A lorry shop has crashed into a building with a speeding control of the Nallur Kandaswamy Temple in Jaffna.

The lorry traveling to Jaffna through the Point Pedro Road crashed into a shop in front of the Nallur temple on Thursday (07).



# Two student hospitalized due to attack

*2024-03-07 13:18:07*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/පහර-කෑමෙන්-සිසුවාත්-ගුරුවරුන්-දෙදෙනෙකුත්-රෝහලේ/11-408472)

A student of a sports teacher has been hospitalized and two teachers who were assaulted by the student who had been assaulted by two students in the Galnewa town have been hospitalized.

A 17-year-old youth was arrested in Lalgaswewa area regarding the attack.

Police say a dispute between two students in the school and a blatter of two students in the school were in a confrontation took place during the school sporting training.

The student has been hospitalized following an assault on the school's sporting teacher and another teacher to resolve the conflict.

...



# Government relief to new electricity connection

*2024-03-07 13:07:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194241)

The Minister of Power and Energy Kanchana Wijesekara says that the recipients of the fee will be paid in order to pay a new electricity.

He was responding to a query in Parliament today as a question raised by MP HM Dhanasena.

Minister of Power and Energy, Kanchana Wijesekara, speaking to the occasion.

...



# The engine capacity considers 450 cc registration

*2024-03-07 12:56:02*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/එන්ජින්-ධාරිතාව-450-සීසී--වැඩි-යතුරු-පැදි-ලියාපදිංචියට-සලකා-බලයි/11-408471)

It is reported that the government is focusing on allowing more than 450 ccs in the 450 cc category.

Parliamentarian Rohitha Abeygunawardena has taken advance to Parliamentary proposal to be adjourned by MP Rohitha Abeygunawardena, proposing to allow the 450 motor bicycle registration to the 450s.. Leader of the House Susil Premajayantha stated that the Ministry of Transport and the Public Defense Ministry will be presented with the Cabinet paper in the future.



# Indian painter gets donor hands in rare transplant surgery at Delhi hospital

*2024-03-07 12:56:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97792/indian-painter-gets-donor-hands-in-rare-transplant-surgery-at-delhi-hospital)

An Indian painter who had lost both his hands in an accident has received a new set of limbs after a donation by a woman who had pledged her organs to be used following her death and as doctors at Delhi’s Sir Ganga Ram Hospital performed a complex surgery.

In October 2020, Raj Kumar, now 45, was crossing the railway tracks in Nangloi on his bicycle when he lost control and was run over by the train losing both his hands. Kumar had been using prosthetics but his prosthetic trial was unsuccessful.

...



# 5 months of Gaza War: China is a shame for civilization

*2024-03-07 12:52:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/178153)

China has criticized the war in Gaza as an insult to civilization and urged the immediate implementation of the ceasefire.

The war between Israel and Hamas on the 7th of October is 5 months today.

At a press conference held in Beijing today, Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi said that this was a tragedy for mankind and a shame for today's civilization.

He said that the international community is urgently working in Gaza and setting up a ceasefire in Gaza and ensuring emergency humanitarian aid is a moral responsibility.

...



# The mysterious death of the Madrasa student;4 people bail with heavy conditions;Explanation for Moulavi

*2024-03-07 12:52:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/178151)

The Kalmunai Magistrate's Court released four suspects on bail under a severe condition on charges of destroying the main forensic of CCTV on the mysterious death of the student.

The case was taken up in the presence of Kalmunai Court Justice MSM Samsuddin on Wednesday (6), and four suspects arrested on charges of destroying Sisirvi videos, including Moulavi, were brought to the House.

The magistrate ordered the release of four suspects on bail under a severe condition on charges of destroying the main forensic of the Sisirvi scene, which was kept in the case.

...



# The driver of a travel bus is unconscious and injured

*2024-03-07 12:45:21*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/ධාවනය-වෙමින්-තිබු-බසයක-රියදුරු-සිහිසුන්-වී-අනතුරකට-ලක්වේ/11-408470)

The bus was driven by a private bus driver due to the driver of a private bus

Unable to control, Medawachchiya collapsed into a garage with a house in Medawachchiya

...



# Plan to provide housing for all families

*2024-03-07 12:42:33*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/அனைத்து-குடும்பங்களுக்கும்-வீடுகள்-வழங்க-திட்டம்/175-334324)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe has issued a directive to the relevant authorities to carry out the necessary tasks to provide houses to all the homeless families living in Ghazimawatte, Colombo.

The President also announced that the work should be carried out in accordance with the policies and criteria of the government.

President Ranil Wickremesinghe gave these instructions during a discussion held at the Presidential Office on Wednesday afternoon on the Gazihavam Housing issue in Colombo.

...



# Excessive exposure to sunlight may cause blindness

*2024-03-07 12:39:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Excessive-exposure-to-sunlight-may-cause-blindness/108-278418)

Colombo, March 7 (Daily Mirror) - During the prevalence of dry weather, exposure to excessive sunlight can lead to blindness, Eye Surgeon Dr. Mudita Kulatunga said.

She mentioned that it is important to drink water to prevent the eyes from drying due to excessive sunlight and to use glasses and helmets to prevent the reflection of ultraviolet rays into the eyes.

The doctor advised parents to make the children wear a face protective cap or sunglasses to protect their eyes from direct sunlight.

...



# 13 injured in bus accident

*2024-03-07 12:34:42*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/பஸ்-விபத்தில்-13-காயம்/175-334323)

A private bus in Medawachi, Vavuniya, was injured when a private bus crashed into a nearby house due to the driver's negligence.

The driver of the private bus was suddenly ill and crashed into a karaj with a house in Medawachi, unable to control the bus, police said.

Thirteen people were injured in the crash and six of them were injured and are being treated at the hospital, police said.

Accordingly, seven injured have been transferred to the Anuradhapura Teaching Hospital for further treatment.

...



# President instructs to expedite housing for homeless families in Kajimawatta

*2024-03-07 12:18:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97791/president-instructs-to-expedite-housing-for-homeless-families-in-kajimawatta)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe has instructed officials to take necessary steps to provide housing for all homeless families in Kajimawatte, Colombo.

He also emphasized that the work must adhere to the government’s housing policies and criteria, the President’s Media Division (PMD) said in a statement.

These instructions were provided by the Head of State during a discussion held yesterday afternoon (March 06) at the Presidential Secretariat regarding the housing issue in the Kajimawatta, Colombo.

...



# Two Sri Lankans killed in accident in Tanzania

*2024-03-07 12:16:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/178149)

Two Sri Lankan youths were killed in a vehicle accident in Tanzania, East Africa on Tuesday night (March 05).

International media reports that the accident occurred while the two youths were traveling from Darus Salam in Tanzania to Mahenge.

One of the deceased has been identified as 23 years old from Galle Kottukoda and the other is 33 years old from Galle Maguluwa.



# Attack on two civilians;Bodied committee suspended

*2024-03-07 12:15:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/178136)

The police officer in charge of the Udappu Police Crime Branch has been suspended from the service of the police on Tuesday night (March 05).

In this case, he was arrested at the hospital on Wednesday morning and suspended from work.

Blood samples have also been obtained to know whether or not he was in alcohol at the time of the incident, police said.



# Transplants a woman's hands to a painter

*2024-03-07 12:15:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194240)

Foreign media reports of a special story on the successful hands.

Another unique feature is that it is again a painter.

In 2020, the painter lost his hands in 2020 in an unfortunate train accident.

The painter who lost his hands will return to the recent woman because of a donation of his body.

Foreign media reports that the woman's kidney, liver and eye sections have been transplanted into three other people.

The surgery has been 12 hours and this is the first surgery to successfully transplant someone else in Delhi.

...



# A police officer who attacked two men suspended

*2024-03-07 12:12:46*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/இருவரை-தாக்கிய-பொலிஸ்-அதிகாரி-பணி-இடைநிறுத்தம்/175-334322)

The police media spokesman's office said that a Sub Inspector of Police at Udappu Police Station has been suspended for allegedly assaulting the two men.

The move has been taken over the alleged attack on two civilians along with his friends.



# Udappuwa Sub-Inspector arrested over alleged assault granted bail

*2024-03-07 12:02:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97790/udappuwa-sub-inspector-arrested-over-alleged-assault-granted-bail)

The officer-in-charge (OIC) of Udappuwa Police Crimes Division, who was arrested for allegedly assaulting several civilians, has been released on bail after being produced before the Puttalam Magistrate’s Court.

Additionally, the Sub-Inspector in question was suspended from duties with effect from today (March 07) on the orders of the OIC of Puttalam Division, the police media division said in a press release.

He was arrested for allegedly assaulting several individuals in Udappuwa on Tuesday night (March 05) during an altercation that ensued between him and several other civilians.

...



# Bollywood icons to grace opening ceremony of Legends Cricket Trophy 2024

*2024-03-07 11:58:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Bollywood-icons-to-grace-opening-ceremony-of-Legends-Cricket-Trophy-2024/108-278416)

Delhi, March 7 (crictracker) - The stage is set, the anticipation palpable, as the cricketing world eagerly awaits the dazzling opening ceremony of the Legends Cricket Trophy, slated to be held in Sri Lanka. Promising to be a unique celebration of cricketing excellence and entertainment, the event will witness legendary cricketers grace the field and feature stellar performances by renowned stars from the entertainment industry.

...



# Three killed in first fatal Houthi attack on Red Sea shipping: Two Lankans among crew

*2024-03-07 11:57:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Three-killed-in-first-fatal-Houthi-attack-on-Red-Sea-shipping-Two-Lankans-among-crew/108-278417)

LONDON, March 7 (Reuters) - A Houthi missile attack killed three seafarers on a Red Sea merchant ship, which had a crew of 20 members including two Sri Lankans, on Wednesday, U.S. Central Command (CENTCOM) said, the first fatalities reported since the Iran-aligned Yemeni group began strikes against shipping in one of the world's busiest trade lanes.

The Houthis claimed responsibility for the attack, which set the Greek-owned, Barbados-flagged ship True Confidence ablaze around 50 nautical miles off the coast of Yemen's port of Aden.

...



# President Ranil Wickremesinghe has been a massive service for the education of the students - Ruwan Wijewardena

*2024-03-07 11:53:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/178148)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe, who was present at the college held on September 6 last year to mark the centenary of Malwanai Al Mubarak Central College, promised to construct a auditorium with all facilities.

The foundation stone for the auditorium was held yesterday (06) with the participation of President's Senior Advisor Ruwan Wijewardena on climate change.

The new auditorium is to be constructed with all the amenities that can be built at the same time, with all the amenities that can be made at the same time.

...



# Udappuwa Police Criminal Investigation Division's OIC suspended

*2024-03-07 11:37:32*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/උඩප්පුව-පොලීසියේ-අපරාධ-විමරෂණ-අංශයේ-ස්ථානාධිපතිගේ-වැඩ-තහනම්/11-408469)

Puttalam District Changes, Nalaka Silva said that the officials of the Udappuwa Police Station was temporarily banned from today.. Mundalama Police say that the duties have been a temporary ban on the Criminal Investigation Division at the Udappuwa Police Center Chamara Kumara Rajapaksa.. According to the Deputy Police, the duties were banned due to a group of villagers and the OIC in the Udappuwa area at Udappuwa at the Udappuwa.

The Udahale of Udigawa, a resident of Udappuwa, Appearuwa, has been hospitalized and hospitalized. Accordingly, the Udappuwa Regional Hospital has been admitted to the Chilaw Hospital for further treatment.

...



# Opposition protest against the statue of Buddha

*2024-03-07 11:36:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/178144)

Tamil National People's Front media spokesman Kanagaratnam Sukash has called for a protest to be held tomorrow (08) in protest of the Buddha statue of Chiripuram - Chowkadi.

He has called through a media report released today. In the report,

The protest will be held tomorrow (08.03.2024) at 10.30 am on Friday (08.03.2024).



# They learned the claims of Parliament

*2024-03-07 11:33:10*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/පාර්ලිමේන්තුවේ-කියුම්-කෙරුම්-ඉගෙනගත්තෝ/11-408467)

The Certificate of Scripture of the Government of Parliament and procedures was held at Rajarata University recently.

The youth of the country has been able to join the Sri Lankan youth to participate in the country's citizenship more effectively and the knowledge of Parliament is very important to the youth and the knowledge of the youth.Given.

The certificates were awarded to all the successful completed scholarship successfully and at the end of the course, a special proposal was held for the 10-day scholars.



# 'Shell' fuel company again in Sri Lanka

*2024-03-07 11:28:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/178141)

'Shell' will start fuel operations in Sri Lanka from the 19th of this month after 63 years.

The Shell Fuel Company, which has been operating in Sri Lanka since 1880, was nationalized by the Sri Lanka Freedom Party government in 1961.

The company has since removed its operations in Asia from Sri Lanka and started in Singapore and became a great company in Singapore today.

However, sixty -three years later, shell has reunited the Sri Lankan energy industry.

The company's first fuel vessel will enter the port of Colombo on the 19th of this month after 63 years.

...



# Paid Rs. 3,000 re-connection fee two months ago: MP contradicts Kanchana

*2024-03-07 11:27:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Paid-Rs-3-000-re-connection-fee-two-months-ago-MP-contradicts-Kanchana/108-278415)

Parliament, March 7 (Daily Mirror)- Contradicting the Power and Energy Minister's claim that the electricity re-connection fee was reduced to Rs. 800 this year, newly appointed Anuradhapura District MP M.C. Muthukumarana said he paid Rs. 3,000 as reconnection fee two months ago.

MP Muthukumarana told this in Parliament after Minister Kanchana Wijesekara said that the reconnection fee which was Rs. 3,000 earlier was reduced to Rs. 1,300 last year and that it was further reduced to Rs. 800 from this year.

...



# Jativa hit by train

*2024-03-07 11:24:56*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/ජෝතීර්යවේදියා-දුම්රියේ-ගැටී-මරුට/11-408466)

A hostly named a hostly, a hostly, was hit by the train to the Duru Laboratories to the Pamunuwa Pamunuwa, Maharagama yesterday (06), Maharagama Police said.

The deceased has been identified as a 75-year-old hostier, a resident of Hakarala, a resident of the Hakarala, a resident of Ravaya in Rassagala Road, Balangoda.

It is said that this person is a person who is a person who is a person who used to be played in the Pamunura area of Maharagama and buying machinery to buy the textures.

Accordingly, the man was traveling to Maharagama in Maharagama on the morning of the next morning, near the Highlight road from Maharawal road.

...



# Sri Lankan chefs arrived again to the island

*2024-03-07 11:24:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194238)

The Sri Lankan chefs who had been in India returned to the island this morning (07) to cook.

The wedding son of Mukh Ambani in India, the youngest son of Mukh Ambani, the wedding of the youngest son of Mukh Ambani was held in Gujarati.

Thirteen chefs joined the cooking of the wedding, while they represent CITRUS Hotel Group representing a group of chefs representing CITRUS hostel in Colombo.

The chefs were selected on customer feedback and google evaluations and recommendations.

They have been preparing to prepare for the latest categories of food in Sri Lanka in the restaurant.

Among the 13 chefs is also included in one chef.

...



# The super cricket field being built to the World Cup

*2024-03-07 11:19:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194237)

The worldwide focus on the Twenty Twenty World Championship, which will commence on June 2, is now over.

This unique story is about a unique stadium from June 3 following the World Cup.

Nassau County International Cricket Stadium Or Stadiuum or Lack of grassy of the New York Cricket Stadium.

The United States has launched the world to surprise the world with another three months left.

The International Cricket Council launched a month at the stadium, which was built on a month at the stadium that 34,000 can visit the match at the same time.

...



# Sri Lanka state bus service makes Rs1.098bn in 2023: Minister

*2024-03-07 11:17:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-state-bus-service-makes-rs1-098bn-in-2023-minister-153626/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka Transport Board (SLTB) has made a profit of 1.098 billion rupees in 2023, despite facing the threat of closure, Minister of Transport Bandula Gunawardena has said.

“At a time when there is an opinion that it should be privatised, we have promised to make Langama [SLTB] profit by 2025. Accordingly, by the end of 2023, Langama recorded a profit of 1098 million rupees,” Gunawardena said at an event to appoint new drivers and conductors.

...



# Suddenly, a group of diplomats meet

*2024-03-07 11:08:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194236)

Leader of the National Power Anura Kumara Dissanayake and the diplomatic officers of six countries have held a meeting.

Leader of the National Power Anura Kumara Dissanayake and six countries held at the party office in the party office.

Palestinian, Turkish, Turkish, Turkish, Bangladeshi, Malaysian and Maldives have participated in the discussion.

The economic policies and functioning of the national promote is discussed.



# “The Postal Department will receive a revenue of Rs 21 billion in 2024”

*2024-03-07 11:06:43*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/தபால்-திணைக்களம்-2024ல்-ரூ-21-பில்லியன்-வருவாயைப்-பெறும்/175-334320)

The Postal Department of Sri Lanka said it hoped to register a revenue of Rs 21 billion by 2024 and act as an independent self -sufficient company from the Treasury Fund.

Speaking about the new outlook of the Department from the Public Service Provider, the Deputy Chancellor Ruwan Satkumara said the department has initiated strategic cooperation with the private sector to reduce the revenue gap and gap.

Katkumara said the department had signed an agreement with the United Parcel Service, a global Logistics and Pakaj delivery company.

...



# NCPA to compile list of offenders convicted of child sexual abuse

*2024-03-07 10:59:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97789/ncpa-to-compile-list-of-offenders-convicted-of-child-sexual-abuse)

The National Child Protection Authority (NCPA) says it intends to compile a list containing the names of the offenders convicted of child sexual abuse.

Mr. Chanaka Udayakumara Amarasinghe, the NCPA chairman, explained that these convicts are most likely to repeat the offences once they are released from custody after serving their prison sentences, adding that this leaves children at risk of falling prey to molesters.

Joining a media briefing held at the Health Promotion Bureau, Mr. Amarasinghe said the NCPA is in the process of preparing a list of convicted child molesters to make their information available to the concerned parties.

...



# You can no longer stamp your photos

*2024-03-07 10:53:28*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/இனி-உங்கள்-புகைப்படங்களை-முத்திரையாக்கலாம்/175-334319)

Postal Department Chancellor Ruwan Satkumara said that the Postal Department of Sri Lanka will be offering the opportunity to design their own photos or events at a cost of Rs. 2000.

Speaking at an event organized in Colombo to publish the Hatton National Bank (HNB) stamp, he announced that he could get 20 stamps or their own photos of 20 stamps in accordance with special occasions such as weddings, gatherings and feasts.

Families can increase the uniqueness of their wedding cards by using these stamps with photos of couples. These seals can also be used as postal stamps, ”he said.



# A special meeting to discuss the coalition

*2024-03-07 10:40:50*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/கூட்டணி-குறித்து-கலந்துரையாட-விசேட-சந்திப்பு/175-334318)

Basil Rajapaksa, who is leading the Sri Lanka PA (SLPP), will meet with former President Mahinda Rajapaksa this evening and discuss the future political arrangements between the two sides ahead of the parliamentary elections and the presidential election.

Basil Rajapaksa from the United States returned to the country on Tuesday. Considering the election pending, the party is in the process of discussing which elections should be held in the event of an electoral alliance between various parties.

...



# Udappuwa Police OIC released on bail

*2024-03-07 10:37:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194235)

The OIC of the Udappuwa Police Criminal Investigation Division has been released on bail.

A Sub Inspector of the Udappuwa police division in the Udappuwa Police Division on March 5 and several of his friends were reported in an argument and assault on two civilians.

The sub-inspector of the sub-inspector and other two persons were admitted to the Udappuwa hospital for further treatment were transferred to the Puttalam Hospital and the other person to the Chilaw Hospital.

The investigation was revealed that several civilians were present in the sub Inspector's car at the time of the conflict.

...



# Police sergeant arrested for aiding ’Harak Kata’s’ escape bid

*2024-03-07 10:34:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Police-sergeant-arrested-for-aiding-Harak-Katas-escape-bid/108-278413)

Midigama, March 7 (Daily Mirror) - A police sergeant assigned to the Matara Division Crime Investigation Unit has been arrested for his involvement in aiding and abetting the failed escape attempt of organized criminal Nandun Chinthaka alias 'Harak Kata' from the Criminal Investigation Department (CID).

The 36-year-old sergeant, a resident of Ahangama, was arrested by the Terrorism Investigation Division (TID).

The IGP handed over the investigations into the escape attempt by 'Harak Kata' to the TID.

...



# Sri Lanka rupee opens at 307.65/75 to the US dollar

*2024-03-07 10:08:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-rupee-opens-at-307-65-75-to-the-us-dollar-153611/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka’s rupee opened stronger at 307.65/75 to the US dollar in the spot forex market Thursday stronger from 307.80/88 a day earlier, dealers said, while bond yields were slightly up.

A bond maturing on 01.08.2026 was quoted at 10.85/11.00 percent.

A bond maturing on 15.09.2027 was quoted at 11.90/12.10 percent from 11.90/12.00 percent.

A bond maturing on 01.07.2028 was quoted at 12.29/30 percent from 12.20/30 percent.

The Colombo Stock Exchange opened up; the All Share Price Index was up 0.27 percent at 10,910. And the S&P SL20 was up 0.23 percent at 3,107. (Colombo/Mar7/2024)



# Emergency decision of the Finance Ministry on the Payment

*2024-03-07 10:07:30*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/கொடுப்பனவு-குறித்து-நிதியமைச்சின்-அவசர-முடிவு/175-334316)

The Ministry of Finance has decided to pay for the insurance benefit scheme for the disabled, unidentified kidney patients and those receiving the elderly.

It is reported that appropriate allowances will be made with effect from April 1st.

Accordingly, the 410,000 alternatives will be paid a monthly allowance of Rs 7,500 each and Rs.

In addition, 820,000 people who receive the elderly assistance will be paid Rs 3,000 each.

These allowances should be paid from April 1st to 3rd March 2025 this year, the Finance Ministry said.



# Transfer temporarily stopped

*2024-03-07 10:04:55*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/இடமாற்றம்-தற்காலிகமாக-நிறுத்தம்/175-334315)

The Public Service Commission has decided to suspend a permanent appointment officer in the provincial public service until the re -notice of transfer of the appropriate position in the central government.

It is reported that the Public Service Commission has announced the circular to all the Secretaries, Provincial Chief Secretaries and Department Heads of the Ministry.

The Public Service Commission issued a circular in 2020 that a permanent appointment officer in the provincial public service could be transferred to the appropriate position in the central government.

...



# Name of Child Abuse Criminals soon

*2024-03-07 10:02:50*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/சிறுவர்-துஷ்பிரயோக-குற்றவாளிகளின்-பெயர்-பட்டியல்-விரைவில்/175-334314)

The National Child Protection Authority has said that the list of persons identified as guilty of sexually abusing children is expected to prepare.

Senior Lecturer Udaya Kumara Amarasinghe, Chairman of the Authority, said that the action was taken in view of the risk of children by the children.

He was speaking at a media briefing held at the Health Development Bureau yesterday.

Amarasinghe also said that there was some growth in sexual abuse cases of children over the past year.

Meanwhile, 1,618 incidents of sexual abuse of girls under the age of 18 in Sri Lanka by 2022 were reported in 2023.

...



# Sri Lanka’s Adani wind power purchase price below other non-tendered rates: Minister

*2024-03-07 09:56:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lankas-adani-wind-power-purchase-price-below-other-non-tendered-rates-minister-153607/)

ECONOMYNEXT- The proposed purchase price of a wind power project by India’s Adani group in Sri Lanka is below other renewable rate give without competitive tender, according to Energy Minister Kanchana Wijesekera.

The rupee equivalent of the dollar tariff for Adani wind plants is 27.65 rupees, a unit Wijesekera told parliament, which was below a rate set for feed in tariffs by a committee.

...



# Ambassadors meet among Anura and countries

*2024-03-07 09:49:48*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/අනුර-හ-රටවල්-හයක-තානාපතිවරුන්-අතර-හමුවක්/11-408465)

A meeting between the Ambassadors and the National Zoological Leader Anura Kumara Dissanayake was held yesterday.

The Turkish Ambassador of Palestine, the Turkish Ambassador, Bangladesh High Commissioner, Bangladesh High Commissioner, the Indonesian Ambassador, Maladivian Ambassador.

Former MPs Bimal Ratnayake and Nalinad Jayatissa, representing the national folk force, has joined the meeting.



# Sudden decision from the Ministry of Finance about payments

*2024-03-07 09:49:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194234)

The Ministry of Finance has decided to conduct the payments for the benefit of unidentified kidney patients and the elderly catchment patients, unidentified kidney patients and elderly assistance.

It is reported that the payments are due to be implemented from the first on April 1.

Accordingly, a monthly allowance of Rs. 7,500 each month of Rs.

In addition, 820,000 people receive adult aid are expected to be given Rs. 3,000 each.

The allowance should be paid until March 3, 2025 to March 3, 2025.



# Three railway employees, suspended over alleged assault, reinstated

*2024-03-07 09:49:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97788/three-railway-employees-suspended-over-alleged-assault-reinstated)

The three railway employees, who were suspended from service for allegedly assaulting two foreign nationals, have been reinstated pending disciplinary action.

A contentious situation had ensued at the Nawalapitiya railway station on Tuesday (March 05) after two foreigners were found to have been travelling in the first-class compartment of the Badulla-bound ‘Podi Menike’ express train without tickets.

Subsequently, the Railway Department suspended the services of two Station Masters (Class 2) and a Railway Guard for allegedly assaulting the two tourists.

...



# Police Sergeant arrested for trying to escape 'Harak Kata'

*2024-03-07 09:40:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/178134)

A police sergeant has been arrested by a terrorist crime unit for allegedly trying to escape Nadun Chinthaka, a Harak Kata, who is involved in planned crimes.

The 36 -year -old policeman, who was arrested, has been identified as a duty to serve as a duty to the Matara Divisional Criminal Investigation Division.

He has been conducting further investigations by the Terrorism Investigation Division under the Prevention of Terrorism Act.



# Sri Lankan wedding wedding cereal was also inaugurated at Ambani Puthu

*2024-03-07 09:35:01*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/අම්බානි-පුතුගේ-විවාහ-උත්සවයට-ලංකාවෙන්-සූපවේදීන්-පිරිසකුත්-එක්වෙලා/11-408464)

Sri Lanka's younger son of Mr. Anthani, the Billionaire, India's younger son of Mr. Anan Amanath Ambani returned to Sri Lanka on the Katunayake airport.

They represent a group of chefs representing Ceylon Curry Club Restaurant representing the "Citrus' hotel Group.

These chefs had been selected on customer feedback and Google Evaluation and Recommendations. Sri Lankan chefs were preparing to prepare the food and latest methods of Sri Lanka in this restaurant.

The group included 12 chef and a chef.

...



# Transfers of Provincial Public Service Officers temporarily hacked

*2024-03-07 09:35:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194233)

The Public Service Commission has decided to discontinue until a permanent appointment of the provincial public service to the transfer of transparent position for a central government corresponding position.



# Parliamentary Council begins

*2024-03-07 09:30:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194232)



# Damage to main internet cables in the Red Sea;Damage to Internet service in Asia, Europe and the Middle East

*2024-03-07 09:28:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/178057)

Several communications cables in the Red Sea are damaged. As a result of this, the telecommunications company said that internet service between Asia and Europe has been affected by the Internet, a US official said.

Internet service has been blocked after the underlying cables have been damaged by major providers in Asia, Europe and the Middle East.

HGC Global Communications Telecommunication Agency (HGC), HGC Global Communications Telecommunication Agency said that four of the 15 cables were recently disconnected.

...



# Seven sentences for Mattakkuliya clash

*2024-03-07 09:27:51*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/මට්ටක්කුලිය-ගැටුමට-හතක්-අල්ලයි/11-408463)

Seven persons were arrested in connection with a clash between the two parties near the Mattakkuliya Punkuliya Punkulawatta Junction.

A son and another woman has been admitted to the Colombo National Hospital in the incident.

Police sources said that there is a person who operates the drug network of organized criminal criminal gangs among the arrested

Police investigations further revealed that Dananjaya Umakangana was a dispute between the two parties in the Mattakkuliya Povesta and Kahakuliya Junction at Mattakkuliya Junction on December 26.

...



# Houthi insurgents missile attack on cargo ship: 3 killed

*2024-03-07 09:15:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/178133)

The US military said that three employees were killed in a missile attack on Wednesday by Houthi insurgents on a cargo ship in the Gulf of Aden.

While Israel is attacking Gaza, Houthi insurgents operating in Yemen are attacking Iran in the Gulf of the Red Sea and the Gulf of the Red Sea and the Gulf of Israel in support of Israel.

The US and British navy are collectively retaliating as frequent missile strikes towards the cargo ship.

In this case, a cargo ship owned by a Liberia country was traveling in the Gulf with the Barbados flag. Houthi rebels launched a missile attack on the ship.

...



# Former Kalpitiya Police OIC remanded over allegation of sexual assault

*2024-03-07 09:13:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Former-Kalpitiya-Police-OIC-remanded-over-allegation-of-sexual-assault/108-278410)

Kalpitiya, March 7 (Daily Mirror) - The former Officer-in-Charge (OIC) of the Kalpitiya Police Station who was charged over sexually assaulting a female police constable, has been remanded till March 12 by the Puttalam Magistrate's Court.

Police said the suspect was remanded in accordance with the provisions of the Victims Protection Act due to the allegation of threatening and influencing the complainant.

The former OIC was earlier interdicted from service by the National Police Commission over the allegations.

...



# IMF representatives who meet the president today

*2024-03-07 09:02:08*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/இன்று-ஜனாதிபதியை-சந்திக்கும்-IMF-பிரதிநிதிகள்/175-334313)

Finance Minister Shehan Semasinghe said that representatives of the International Monetary Fund will meet President Ranil Wickremesinghe today.

Accordingly, the Minister of Finance added that the review process will be held for about two weeks.. Remble



# Police Sergeant arrested for aiding and abetting “Harak Kata’s” escape bid

*2024-03-07 09:00:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97787/police-sergeant-arrested-for-aiding-and-abetting-harak-katas-escape-bid)

A police officer has been arrested on charges of being complicit the foiled attempt by the notorious underworld figure Nadun Chinthaka alias “Harak Kata” to escape custody.

The apprehended officer was identified as a Police Sergeant attached to the Matara Divisional Crimes Investigation Division.

The Terrorism Investigation Division (TID) had arrested the 36-year-old on Wednesday (March 06) for aiding and abetting the infamous criminal gang leader and covering up information vital to the ongoing investigations.

...



# Police Sergeant arrested for helping beef

*2024-03-07 08:49:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194231)

A police sergeant has been arrested for supporting the announcement of the Organization Occupiers 'Beef' or 'Beef'.

The police media division issued an announcement, said the police sergeant had been arrested by the Terrorist Prevention and Investigation Division.

A motorcycle and a protective empower was arrested in the CID in the investigation of the telephone data.

A man named Suddha had been involved in the operation to bring the helmet.

It has been revealed that the person named Suddha has been carried out further, while Suddha is attached to the Matara Division Criminal Investigation Division.

...



# Three crew members killed in Houthi missile attack on cargo ship

*2024-03-07 08:39:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97786/three-crew-members-killed-in-houthi-missile-attack-on-cargo-ship)

A missile attack by Yemen’s Houthi rebels on a commercial ship in the Gulf of Aden on Wednesday killed three of its crew members and forced survivors to abandon the vessel, the U.S. military said. It was the first fatal strike in a campaign of assaults by the Iranian-backed group over Israel’s war on Hamas in the Gaza Strip.

...



# Houthi rebels an attack on a vessel

*2024-03-07 08:24:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194230)

Three staff members of the ship was killed in a missile attack on a suitile boat to an expedition of goods in the South Yemen.

The attack targeted the attack targeting the Carbados Flag, aimed at the Carbadadadadadadadadadadad Pargery Transport Ship in the Gulf of Aid.

Three staff members of the ship were killed and four others were seriously injured.

The attack on the attack on Palestinians in the conflict in the Gaza and Hamas conflict the attack.

However, this is the first time that the staff deceased to an excitement of the cargo vebility.



# Soon a list of child abusers

*2024-03-07 08:06:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194229)

The National Child Protection Authority (NVQ) stated that he is looking to prepare a list of persons who are guilty of child sexual abuse charges.

The Chairperson of the Authority Udaya Kumara Amarasinghe said that the measures had been taken to consider the risk of children from the relevant persons.

He was speaking at a media briefing held in the Health Promotion Bureau.

...



# Sri Lankan team lodges a complaint with third judge's decision

*2024-03-07 07:41:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194228)

The Bangladesh team won the second 20 and 20 wickets in 8 wickets.

Sri Lanka won the first 20 wickets in their allotted 205 runs in the final 20 overs.

Around 37 runs for the innings and Kusal Mendis scored 36 runs.

Bangladesh scored 170 runs for the loss of 170 wickets in their first 18 overs.

Njjamal Hoshont was able to score 53 not out.

Accordingly, both groups of two and 20 tournaments are in the face of the two countries.

The Sri Lankan team has decided to complain about the declaration of Ticketing verdict as the third judge in the bat first over the fourth over the final.

...



# Sri Lanka central bank profits from printing money, parliament has some control: Harsha

*2024-03-07 07:23:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-central-bank-profits-from-printing-money-parliament-has-some-control-harsha-153483/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka’s central bank is making profits from printing money and the balance goes to the consolidated fund according to its own law, Harsha de Silva, chairman of the parliament’s Committee on Public Finance said.

The comments came amid an intensifying debate about control of public finances and independence given to central bankers to spend money without parliamentary approval.

...



# Railway employees to work

*2024-03-07 07:21:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194227)

Three relating railway employees have been re-employed on an assault incident to two foreigners.

After preliminary investigations, the relevant officers have been re-employed under further disciplinary action, the Railway Department said.

On the 5th of the train traveling from Colombo from Colombo on the 5th, two foreigners had caused a large number of phical to travel without tickets.

On the event, the Railway Department took steps to suspend the services of two stations, a railway register and a railway guard.

However, a base report on the incident has been summoned, however, has been reviewed under further investigations.

...



# IMF second review of Sri Lanka’s bailout package begins today

*2024-03-07 07:19:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97785/imf-second-review-of-sri-lankas-bailout-package-begins-today-)

The International Monetary Fund (IMF) will commence its second review of the Extended Fund Facility (EFF) program for Sri Lanka today (March 07) with an opening meeting scheduled with President Ranil Wickremesinghe.

Taking to his X handle (formerly Twitter), Finance State Minister Shehan Semasinghe said this marks a crucial milestone in the ongoing efforts by the government to enhance stability and economic growth.

The lawmaker said the government aims to conclude a successful review and reach the staff-level agreement which will help unlock the third tranche of the global lender’s bailout package of USD 2.9 billion.

...



# President, MR, Basil to discuss possible alliance for polls

*2024-03-07 07:10:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/President-MR-Basil-to-discuss-possible-alliance-for-polls/108-278395)

Colombo, March 7 (Daily Mirror) - Basil Rajapaksa who spearheads the Sri Lanka Podujana Peramuna (SLPP) , along with former President Mahinda Rajapaksa will meet President Ranil Wickremesinghe this evening to discuss the future political arrangements between the two sides ahead of the presidential and parliamentary elections.

...



# IMF representatives meet President today

*2024-03-07 07:05:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194226)

Review activities related to the second premium of the IMF is due to commence today (07).

Finance State Minister Shehan Semasinghe said that the International Monetary Fund representatives to meet President Ranil Wickremesinghe this morning.

The Minister of Finance Shehan Semasinghe said that the review was scheduled to take action for about two weeks.

...



# Dry weather prevails over the island: Met Dept

*2024-03-07 06:39:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Dry-weather-prevails-over-the-island-Met-Dept/108-278396)

Colombo, March 7 (Daily Mirror) - The forecasting division of the National Meteorological Centre said that except for a few showers in the Ratnapura, Galle and Matara districts in the evening or night, mainly dry weather will prevail over the island.

However, misty conditions can be expected at some places in the Western and Sabaragamuwa Provinces and in the Galle and Matara districts during the morning.

Mainly, fair weather will prevail in sea areas around the island.

...



# Hot weather no longer - keep close

*2024-03-07 06:25:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194224)

An inquirying of warm weather conditions has been issued for the North Western and Southern provinces and the Colombo-Ratnapura and Mannar districts.

Accordingly, the Meteorology Department is informed of the people of the Meteorological Department to be aware of the hot index of the human body today.

In the Ratnapura, Galle and Matara districts, there is a mainly dry weather throughout the country.

The Department of Meteorology announces a stations in the Western and Sabaragamuwa provinces and in some places in the Galle and Matara districts.



# NSB Sthree celebrates International Women’s Day 2024 with a special offering

*2024-03-07 06:20:00*

[islandlk](http://island.lk/nsb-sthree-celebrates-international-womens-day-2024-with-a-special-offering/)

As the world celebrates International Women’s Day 2024 under the theme “Invest in Women: Accelerate Progress,” NSB (National Savings Bank) reaffirms its commitment to empowering women and advancing gender equality through financial inclusion and economic empowerment initiatives.

This year’s theme underscores the critical importance of investing in women’s education, health, economic opportunities, and leadership roles to accelerate progress towards a more inclusive and equitable society.

...



# Two Sri Lankans in the vessel was attacked by Huthothi

*2024-03-07 05:38:09*

[bbccomsinhala](https://www.bbc.com/sinhala/articles/clkmv8kgggjo)

US authorities say that three staff members of an missile strike was killed in the area near the South Yemen.

This was the first time the attacks on mercels at the Red Sea was the first time.

The ship with the Barbados flag, with the Babadades Flag, was abandoned after the attack and was floating in the sea with a fire.

The US Army said that the ship was attacked at around 11.30 am at the Greenach time.

Hoout says he is attacking Palestinians in the war between Israel and Hamas in Gaza.

The US Central Command (US Central Command) to monitor the Middle East operations (CENTCOM) said that three shipped staff members were killed.

...



# Posts Department aims Rs.21bn revenue for 2024

*2024-03-07 04:10:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Posts-Department-aims-Rs-21bn-revenue-for-2024/108-278387)

Sri Lanka’s Posts Department said it is hoping to record a revenue of Rs.21 billion for 2024 and operate as a self-sustaining institution that is independent of Treasury funds.

Elaborating on the department’s new outlook as a business service provider from a public service provider, Postmaster General Ruwan Sathkumara said that the department has initiated strategic collaborations with the private sector, in order to bridge the revenue gap and reach breakeven.

The department secured an agreement with global logistics and package delivery company United Parcel Service, Sathkumara said.

...



# Ronnie De Mel the Socialist MP  who  Ushered in  a Capitalist Economy as Finance Minister.

*2024-03-07 03:33:00*

[dbsjeyarajcom](https://dbsjeyaraj.com/dbsj/?p=83715)

The  ascension of Junius Richard Jayewardene to the premier seat of poitical power in 1977  paved the way for a drastic transformation of Sri Lanka’s politico-economic landscape and environment. J.R. Jayewardene known popularly as “JR” ushered in political, economic and electoral changes that utterly changed Sri Lanka.  In the words of William Butler Yeats “All changed, changed utterly”

...



# Siyambalapitiya stresses Parliamentary authority on Central Bank salaries

*2024-03-07 03:28:52*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/Siyambalapitiya-stresses-Parliamentary-authority-on-Central-Bank-salaries/56-759258)

Calls for comprehensive reports from CoPF before presenting recommendations to Parliament

Says aim to generate additional Rs. 14 b via Social Security Tax, opening 8,000 more tax files

Assures to boost tax revenue, reform policies, gradually increase tax files while stabilising the economy

Pledges to address concerns over parate law with swift action for implementation

State Minister of Finance Ranjith Siyambalapitiya yesterday outlined the importance of Parliamentary authority in decisions concerning the increase of Central Bank employee salaries, insisting on the principles of social equity.

...



# Govt.’s select fuel price reduction a ‘gimmick’: Ex-PUCSL Chief

*2024-03-07 03:26:12*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/Govt-s-select-fuel-price-reduction-a-gimmick-Ex-PUCSL-Chief/56-759257)

Says move misleads public, prices could be slashed by up to Rs. 200

Questions accuracy of fuel prices published via Minister’s social media, allege both incorrect prices and formula

Highlights people’s rights, calls civil organisations to demand better policies

...



# Salary hike exaggerated to erode independence: Dr. Weerasinghe

*2024-03-07 03:16:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/top-story/Salary-hike-exaggerated-to-erode-independence-Dr-Weerasinghe/155-278392)

Cautions that undermining independence could take SL back to troubled state

The recent uproar over the Central Bank’s salary increases has caught widespread attention and according to Governor Dr. Nandalal Weerasinghe, this controversy is a deliberate attempt to undermine the institution’s autonomy.

He cautioned that exaggerating the salary increases to undermine the financial sector regulator’s independence could severely impact the economy, potentially regressing it to its troubled state just a few years ago.

...



# Model Development Programs

*2024-03-07 02:55:45*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/அபிவிருத்தி-வேலைத்திட்டங்கள்-ஆரம்பித்துள்ளன/175-334312)

The government has now launched the most essential development programs. Urban Development and Housing Minister Arundika Fernando said India, China and many other Western countries have come forward for investment in this country.

He said this at a media briefing held at the Presidential Media Center yesterday. He further stated that

Due to the economic crisis, no development plans have been implemented in the past. But now that the economy returns to some strong situation, the necessary development work has begun.

...



# Discussion on the educational structure

*2024-03-07 02:42:26*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/கல்விக்-கட்டமைப்பு-தொடர்பில்-கலந்துரையாடல்/175-334311)

The Department of Education has conducted the Third and Fourth Discussions on the National Education Policy Structure Program till 2033.

The discussion was held recently under the patronage of Parliamentarian Velusamy Radhakrishnan, Chairman of the Department of Education.

The amendments to be made in the National Education Policy Scheme and the new issues to be included in it have been investigated.. (A)



# Tiger: 'Wilpattu', the highest tiger density in Asia, according to our research

*2024-03-07 02:17:29*

[bbccomsinhala](https://www.bbc.com/sinhala/articles/cv2yx3n4r18o)

It is not included in this. Video header is estimated that about 313 Tigers live in Wilpattu.

Tiger: 'Wilpattu', the highest tiger density in Asia, according to our research

Wilpattu is a popular LTTE cadres in the world, the largest national park in Sri Lanka.

Eight Tigers in the calves have seen these days.

'' Wilpattu. Eight female animals have been placed these days. The fifth chance that the female sheltered female shed in Maradankamaduwa. I researched the Tigers in Wilpattu from 2011. But this was the case, "Wildlife Researchers Kithsiri Gunawardena told BBC Sinhala.



# Governor of the Northern Province to stop the activities of the Valve Elderly Home

*2024-03-07 02:17:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/178131)

The Governor of the Northern Province, BSM Charles, has been instructed by the Governor's Secretary to the Point Pedro Divisional Secretary to ban the activities of the elderly home in Valvettithurai in Valvettithurai in Jaffna.

In addition, it has been advised to take appropriate legal action on the fact that the Valve Elderly Home has not yet registered.

...



# Cricket of 145 Blues: Royal's defeat last year.

*2024-03-07 02:15:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/178130)

Royal College. TS between Toma College. Senanayake Memorial Shield. The stadium begins on Thursday (07).

The alumni of the two colleges living around the world have come to visit the competition.

This is a record in the history of the World Schools for the 145th consecutive year.

The cricket Samar is also seen as an unforgettable competition while revealing the traditional cultures of the two colleges.

Also, the Samaritan of the sapphire, on the one hand, is a gathering of two colleges, contemporary students and alumni of the two.

...



# Low-level teacher capacity key barrier for ed-tech implementation

*2024-03-07 02:12:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Low-level-teacher-capacity-key-barrier-for-ed-tech-implementation/108-278389)

The low level of teacher capacity along with reduced affordability of hardware remains major barriers towards successfully implementing ed-tech in Sri Lanka, a recent Institute of Policy Studies (IPS) study revealed.

The COVID-19 pandemic sparked renewed interest in ed-tech worldwide, leading to diverse impacts in the way it has been integrated into policies, programmes and interventions, while the interest in ed-tech continued to grow in the post-pandemic period.

In Sri Lanka, the Akura initiative and Nenasa programme have been recognised as two such successful ed-tech programmes.

...



# Indian Ambassador Sai Murali visits Jaffna University

*2024-03-07 02:08:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/178129)

New Indian Ambassador to Jaffna Sai Murali visited the University of Jaffna on Wednesday (06).

Vice Chancellor of the University of Jaffna, Professor Sivakasandu met Sirishatturanarajah at his office.

Joint programs and cooperation in the field of education, including proposals on the development of the university, were discussed.

Prof. Sivasubramaniam Raghuram, the Faculty of Arts and Faculty of Hindu Studies, C. Padmanathan, were also present at the meeting.



# Inaugural IMRA Awards honours outstanding achievements of Muslim women and others

*2024-03-07 01:59:47*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/front-page/Inaugural-IMRA-Awards-honours-outstanding-achievements-of-Muslim-women-and-others/44-759245)

From left: Saarah Deen Ismail, Yasmin Cader, Rezani Aziz, Chief Guest Deshamanya Radhika Coomaraswamy, Shahnasz Hakeem, Feroza Ameen, Dr. Shemoon Marleen, Farzana Jameel, Ferial Ashroff, Juwairiya Mohideen, Neetha Dhammachari Ariyaratne, Anushya Coomaraswamy, and Fathima Aziz

The All Ceylon Muslim Women’s Association (ACMWA), a venerable organisation with a 71-year legacy, proudly hosted the inaugural IMRA Awards to recognise the exceptional accomplishments of Muslim women in Sri Lanka.

...



# Inaugural IMRA Awards honours outstanding achievements of Muslim women and others

*2024-03-07 01:59:47*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/Inaugural-IMRA-Awards-honours-outstanding-achievements-of-Muslim-women-and-others/56-759245)

From left: Saarah Deen Ismail, Yasmin Cader, Rezani Aziz, Chief Guest Deshamanya Radhika Coomaraswamy, Shahnasz Hakeem, Feroza Ameen, Dr. Shemoon Marleen, Farzana Jameel, Ferial Ashroff, Juwairiya Mohideen, Neetha Dhammachari Ariyaratne, Anushya Coomaraswamy, and Fathima Aziz

The All Ceylon Muslim Women’s Association (ACMWA), a venerable organisation with a 71-year legacy, proudly hosted the inaugural IMRA Awards to recognise the exceptional accomplishments of Muslim women in Sri Lanka.

...



# USAID empowers women entrepreneurs to drive economic growth in Sri Lanka

*2024-03-07 01:52:11*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/USAID-empowers-women-entrepreneurs-to-drive-economic-growth-in-Sri-Lanka/56-759244)

One of the forty women entrepreneurs who completed the year-long USAID and WDF training and mentorship program receives her certificate from USAID Sri Lanka and Maldives Economic Growth Deputy Director Dennis Wesner

USAID officials chat with women entrepreneurs supported by a USAID and WDF training and mentorship program in Weerawila

An entrepreneur smiles following a certificate award ceremony upon completion of a year-long USAID and WDF training and mentorship program

...



# President

*2024-03-07 01:50:40*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/நாட்டை-சீரழித்தவர்களை-பாதுகாக்கும்-ஜனாதிபதி/175-334310)

Opposition leader Sajith Premadasa said President Ranil Wickremesinghe is engaged in the process of protecting those who have degraded the country.

The Second Assessment Discussion on February 20th was taken up and adjourned bail, the Bill, the Bill, the Bureau of Relations (Amendment) Bill, the Amendment (Amendment) Bill, the Financial Lease (Amendment) Bill, the Internal Trust (Amendment) Bill (Amendment) BillThe Opposition Leader said this while addressing the third day debate on the Bill and the Registration Ordinance (Amendment) Bill in Parliament on Wednesday (06).

...



# Humanitarian activities were carried out to invite Santhan to the country - Minister of Foreign Affairs

*2024-03-07 01:49:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/178128)

We have carried out a humanitarian basis to join Santhan with his family. India did not grant permission.. Foreign Affairs Minister Ali Sabri told the House not to make false allegations.

Speaking at a session in Parliament on Wednesday (6). He noted that steps were not taken to bring him to the country. In response, he said the above.

Shantan is accused in connection with the murder of former Prime Minister of India. He was detained in India. Northern MPs, including Douglas Devananda, had made demands for bringing him to Sri Lanka.

...



# Controversy in the congregation

*2024-03-07 01:43:01*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/சம்பள-அதிகரிப்பால்-சபையில்-சர்ச்சை/175-334309)

The controversy in the House on Wednesday (06) was raised by opposition members to the prime minister over the salary increase of central bank employees.

The controversy caused controversy over the frequent interference of the ruling party members when the opposition expressed dissatisfaction.

Opposition parties have accused the central bank's governor, including the Governor of the Central Bank, to the party leader's meeting on the salary increase of the central bank employees.

...



# This program to strengthen Sri Lanka -American people

*2024-03-07 01:43:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/178127)

Volunteers of American Piece Copes volunteers, who have come to carry out social work, including teaching in the backward areas of Sri Lanka, have been sworn in on Wednesday (6), confirming their dedicated service for the next two years.

The event will be introduced by volunteers in Sri Lanka for two years through the US Peace COPS and their swearing -in ceremony was held on Wednesday (6) at the Bandaranaike Memorial International Conference Hall in Colombo.

...



# The call for Anuragumara is not extraordinary;Similar to the usual call for Sri Lankan leaders - Indian High Commissioner

*2024-03-07 01:31:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/178126)

Indian High Commissioner to Sri Lanka Santosh Ja said that the recent call to Anura Kumara Dissanayake, the leader of the National People's Power and Member of Parliament, is similar to the routine call for key figures from other countries.

...



# Exploration of the middle people

*2024-03-07 01:26:31*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/நடுத்தர-மக்களை-சுரண்டி-பிழைக்கிறார்கள்/175-334308)

Large onions imported for 92 rupees, including taxes, are sold for 365 rupees in a kilogram market. Potatoes imported for 110 rupees are sold for 203 rupees. Retail and wholesalers are exploiting the middle class.Opposition MP Patali Champika Ranawaka accused the Consumer Affairs Authority of being unrelated to the Consumer Affairs Authority and the market.

Speaking at the debate on the amendment of the Tax Amendment Bill on Wednesday (06) in Parliament, he said.

...



# International Gita Festival held in Colombo, Sri Lanka

*2024-03-07 01:19:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/178125)

The four -day International Gita Festival was held in Colombo, Colombo, Sri Lanka from 04th March 2024 and the Hon.

The Kurukshetra Development Board of Haryana, the Ministry of Buddhist Religious and Cultural Affairs of Sri Lanka, and the Cultural Division of the Indian High Commission in Colombo, Swami Vivekananda Cultural Center, organized the 5th International Festival in Sri Lanka with the unification of more than 30 religious and social institutions in Sri Lanka.

...



# EFL 3PL expands operations in India with launch of flagship distribution centre in Mumbai

*2024-03-07 01:10:33*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/EFL-3PL-expands-operations-in-India-with-launch-of-flagship-distribution-centre-in-Mumbai/34-759241)

EFL 3PL India Team with EFL Global Team at the Brand Launch DC Opening Ceremony

EFL Global’s Founder/President Hanif Yusoof (right) and Global CEO Senthilnathan Shanmugam unveiling the plaque

Spread across 175,000 sq ft, the company has invested $ 5 m in establishing the state of the art Grade ‘A’ warehousing facility

EFL 3PL, a subsidiary of EFL Global yesterday announced the launch of its flagship Grade A warehousing facility in the vibrant Bhiwandi region of Mumbai.

...



# Kapruka breaks boundaries with ‘Partner Central’

*2024-03-07 01:07:56*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/Kapruka-breaks-boundaries-with-Partner-Central/34-759240)

Kapruka.com, Sri Lanka’s leading e-commerce website launched the ‘Kapruka Partner Central’ which provides an enhanced platform for partners to showcase their products and connect with a global audience on 29 February 2024.

The event to launch the platform, which will mark a new era of empowerment and opportunity for partners across the digital space, was held at the Lotus Tower, Colombo.

...



# The pathway is sure to win

*2024-03-07 01:03:10*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/பாதை-வெற்றி-உறுதியாகிறது/175-334307)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe said that the economy of the country is strengthened as a result of the government's programs and is looking forward to getting more relief to the people in the future.

He said that all those activities are being carried out gradually in accordance with science and that he has never been lying for power and is to restore the country rather than power.

President Ranil Wickremesinghe said this in a special speech delivered in Parliament on Wednesday (06).

...



# Hocus pocus plans and good plans

*2024-03-07 00:56:58*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/columns/Hocus-pocus-plans-and-good-plans/4-759238)

President Wickremesinghe’s forte is announcing hocus pocus plans. Hocus pocus are statements that suggest and insinuate some beneficial outcome but do not explain how the proposed action will deliver any benefits to society. So RW says he will drive economic growth by creating a green economy, and then lets this hang in the air. He does not do two crucial things to give this claim credibility. He does not explain what a green economy is, and how a green economy will drive economic growth and who will benefit.

...



# The JVP, by organising ex-military as ex-military, seems to be making a great leap forward in militarising politics and – indirectly – politicising the military. Another Rubicon is being crossed, with predictable results

*2024-03-07 00:54:00*

[dbsjeyarajcom](https://dbsjeyaraj.com/dbsj/?p=83727)

“Are we so morally sick, so deaf and dumb and blind, that we do not understand this?”

In 2023, bankrupt Sri Lanka added $ 16.6 billion to its central government debt, an increase of 21%.

Sri Lanka ranks a high 43 in Global Militarisation Index and a low 83 in Social Progress Index. When it comes to militarisation, Sri Lanka outranks most developed countries. We also outrank our neighbours, including India (77); only Pakistan, at 44, is slightly ahead of us.

...



# President retaliates to Harsha question

*2024-03-07 00:48:08*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/ஹர்ஷ-கேள்விக்கு-ஜனாதிபதி-பதிலடி/175-334306)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe looked at the leader of the government -funded committee, Dr. Harsha de Silva, the leader of the government -funded committee.

He said this in response to a question posed to the president by Harsha de Silva on Wednesday (06) in Parliament.

As the Minister of Finance, I raise some questions to the President. This means that the work on international debt renovation is currently underway. Just a few months to the election. The next government is looking forward to continuing the programs related to this. I think it is best to make a compliance with all parties that are part of Parliament.

...



# Murugan

*2024-03-07 00:43:08*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/முருகன்-ரொபட்-பயஸை-உயிருடன்-விடுதலை-செய்க/175-334305)

The Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu, the Indian Prime Minister and the Government of Sri Lanka to take steps to join their families, including Murugan and Robert Paes, who are in the Indian jail.. Sivagnanam Sridharan appealed.

He appealed to the debate on the amendments to the Taxes Bill on Wednesday (06) in Parliament.

Sivanesan, a member of the parliament, was unjustly killed in the name of a deep infiltration force by Sri Lankan soldiers.

Meanwhile, I am making our tribute to Shantan, who has embraced the first death for a few days without being imprisoned in India and later released.

...



# Murugan

*2024-03-07 00:43:08*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/பிரசித்த-செய்தி/முருகன்-ரொபட்-பயஸை-உயிருடன்-விடுதலை-செய்க/150-334305)

Murugan, who is in the Indian jail, including Robert Paes, to release them alive and take steps to join their families to join the Tamil Nadu Chief Minister, Indian Prime Minister and the Government of Sri Lanka.. Sivagnanam Sridharan appealed.

He appealed to the debate on the amendments to the Taxes Bill on Wednesday (06) in Parliament.

Sivanesan, a member of the parliament, was unjustly killed in the name of a deep -infiltrated force by Sri Lankan soldiers.

Meanwhile, I am making our tribute to Shantan, who has embraced the first death for a few days without being imprisoned in India and later released.

...



# Women belong in All Places where Major Decisions are being made

*2024-03-07 00:00:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/opinion/Women-belong-in-All-Places-where-Major-Decisions-are-being-made/172-278370)

...



# “One of the Tests of Leadership is the Ability to Recognize a Problem  before it becomes an Emergency” A Fight for Survival fuelled by ‘Inferior’ Thinking

*2024-03-07 00:00:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/opinion/One-of-the-Tests-of-Leadership-is-the-Ability-to-Recognize-a-Problem-before-it-becomes-an-Emergency-A-Fight-for-Survival-fuelled-by-Inferior-Thinking/172-278371)

Sri Lankans as a whole haven’t read enough about politics or believe too much about its abilities that it’s the cure for all ills; otherwise, Sri Lankans would not have been cheated by their lawmakers for 76 long years! Now, we are trying to ‘read’ Anura Kumara Dissanayake and the National People’s Power. We have already read the Wickremesinghe chapter, and only the former hints that all the government’s stolen monies will be brought back and the culprits punished, when a new government assumes power.

...



# Defense sharing should not split the country and make power sharing from the dark age -Foreign Minister insists on

*2024-03-06 23:59:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/178124)

Devolution of power does not split the country. Therefore, political parties should dedicate their position on the sharing of power and refer to the country for the country.. If ethnic harmony is confirmed only can the country progress. Foreign Affairs Minister Ali Sabri said devolution of power should be made possible to get out of the dark era.

He was speaking at a debate on the Taxes Bill on Wednesday (6) in Parliament.

...



# Pragmatic economic policy regime for Sri Lanka

*2024-03-06 23:45:41*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/columns/Pragmatic-economic-policy-regime-for-Sri-Lanka/4-759233)

Sri Lankan people may remain hopeful that a new and pure Government may usher in a new policy regime to bring in long-awaited prosperity to them – Pic by Shehan Gunasekara

Sri Lanka will face elections sometime in the future, and a new Government may be elected. It could be led by one of the old political parties or could be a brand-new party. The purpose of this note is to provide some thoughts on designing a pragmatic economic policy regime by the incoming new Government.

...



# Revitalising Sri Lanka: NPP’s vision for innovation leadership

*2024-03-06 23:40:51*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/columns/Revitalising-Sri-Lanka-NPP-s-vision-for-innovation-leadership/4-759232)

Amidst the ongoing economic crisis, Sri Lanka ranked 85th in the Global Innovation Index (GII) 2022, bringing to light several areas pertaining to innovation in which the country has progressed, and also several areas that need to be improved. The GII 2022 report could be used as a starting point to pay more attention to innovation in entrepreneurship, investments, businesses, social changes, and also in the overall economy, which, in the current economic context, could make a significant positive change.

...



# Bangladesh wins 08 wickets

*2024-03-06 23:39:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/178121)

Bangladesh won by 8 wickets in the second Twenty20 match against Sri Lanka.

The Sri Lankan team first won the bowling of Bangladesh in the tournament in Chillhead, Bangladesh.

Sri Lanka scored 165 runs for the loss of 05 wickets in 20 overs

The Bangladesh team then won the target of winning only two wickets in 18.1 overs.

Sri Lanka and Bangladesh are in a balanced series in each of the three matches.



# Finding solutions to manage the talent drain

*2024-03-06 23:37:58*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/columns/Finding-solutions-to-manage-the-talent-drain/4-759231)

President (then Prime Minister) pointed out in 2016 that “given the future growth potential and envisaged development plans, Sri Lanka will have to overcome the scarcity of skilled human resources apart from managing power and water requirements”. Sri Lanka eight years later is still looking for sustainable Human Resource solutions

...



# Udappuwa Crimes OIC arrested over assault incident

*2024-03-06 23:14:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97784/udappuwa-crimes-oic-arrested-over-assault-incident-)

The Officer-In-Charge (OIC) of the Udappuwa Police Crimes Division was arrested and subsequently suspended from the service, for allegedly assaulting a group of villagers on Tuesday night (05 March).

According to police, witnesses had also videotaped the police officer in question using crude language with the area residents, blasting them for reportedly having spat on his vehicle, in which he had been travelling in with two other persons.

...



# How Anura and the NPP are winning the public imagination

*2024-03-06 23:00:25*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/columns/How-Anura-and-the-NPP-are-winning-the-public-imagination/4-759230)

The secret of Anura Kumara Dissanayaka and the NPP’s success, the reason why the combination is drawing record crowds and is the only political entity in the field to do so, is really simple. It’s the public imagination, stupid!

...



# A special meeting between President - Muslim MPs

*2024-03-06 22:37:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/178123)

A special meeting between President Ranil Wickremesinghe and Muslim MPs was held on Wednesday (6) at the Parliament building.

President Ranil Wickremesinghe said last week that he would meet Tamil and Muslim parliamentarians in Parliament to provide a joint compliance with Parliament to provide all things besides the police authority for the 13th Amendment to the Constitution.. The meeting took place on Wednesday (6).

Eastern Province Governor Senthil Thondaman and Members of Parliament, Attorney -at -Law HMM. Haris, ALM Ataullah, MC. Faisal Qasim, to Alizahir Maulana, Attorney SMM. Musharraf Mudunabin was also present.

...



# Atire becomes the World’s 1st carbon neutral solid tire company

*2024-03-06 22:22:58*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/Atire-becomes-the-World-s-1st-carbon-neutral-solid-tire-company/34-759229)

Atire Ltd. CEO and Director Saveen Abeyratne receiving the certificate from the Secretary to the Ministry of Environment Prabath Chandrakeerth

In a ground-breaking move, ATIRE Ltd., the rapidly growing industrial solid tire company based in Sri Lanka, has redefined the standards of environmental responsibility by becoming the world’s first carbon-neutral industrial solid tire manufacturing company.

This incredible milestone, certified by the Sri Lanka Climate Fund - under the Ministry of Environment of Sri Lanka, highlights ATIRE’s commitment to pioneering sustainable industrial practices.

...



# Former OIC worries

*2024-03-06 22:16:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194223)

The former OIC of the Kalpitiya Police had remanded until March 13.

The former OIC was produced before the Puttalam Magistrate's Court today (06).

Puttalam Magistrate Ioma Wimalaratne has issued the order in accordance with the allegations of threatening the complainants and crack charges.

Former OIC of the former OIC was not appealing in court on February 12, but there was no legal action to be held.

The next day's former OIC appeared in court through a motion of the court and was released on bail of Rs.

...



# Have your own pic on postal stamps for Rs.2,000

*2024-03-06 22:11:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Have-your-own-pic-on-postal-stamps-for-Rs-2-000/108-278368)

Colombo, March 6 (Daily Mirror) - The Sri Lanka Postal Department is offering citizens the chance to design postal stamps featuring their own photographs or events, with a creation cost of Rs.2000, said Postmaster General Ruwan Sathkumara.

Addressing an event organized in Colombo to unveil a stamp for Hatton National Bank (HNB), he announced that individuals can now acquire a sheet of stamps with 20 stamps tailored for special occasions like weddings, gatherings, and parties or their own photographs.

...



# Solar Cottage Project in Northern Province: China - India has not granted permission - Minister of Power

*2024-03-06 21:58:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/178081)

People living in the island, Neduntivu and Naina are benefited by the development of power generation in the Northern Province under the financial assistance of the Government of India.. China and India have not been granted permission for the solar cell project in the Northern Province, said Kanjana Wijesekera, Minister of Power and Energy.

In response to questions posed by Parliamentarian Athuraliye Ratna Thera during a session in Parliament on Wednesday.

...



# Ravana Lanka News Website Teacher Arrested by CIT

*2024-03-06 21:49:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/178122)

The Colombo Fort Court on Wednesday (6) ordered the internet teacher who was arrested on the charge of conducting a website without license and insulting the military commander and the military.

Calcande Pranwathalake Nisanga has been detained by the Criminal Investigation Department's Computer Criminal Investigation Department of the Criminal Investigation Department.

The Criminal Investigation Department officials said that the suspect is running the Ravana Lanka News website and the reports he has published is a threat to national security and public safety.



# Death rate increased in the country;Lower

*2024-03-06 21:37:02*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/நாட்டில்-இறப்பு-வீதம்-அதிகரித்தது-பிறப்பு-வீதம்-குறைந்தது/175-334304)

United People's Power Parliamentarian Asoka Abeysinghe said the death rate of the country has increased and the birth rate has decreased due to economic impact.

The government states that we have recovered from the economic impact. But he said that people are facing the struggle to live in a social structure.

He was speaking at a debate on the Taxes Bill today (6) in Parliament.

With 57 lakh families in the country, 91 percent of them have risen.

Most families have been limited to three times a while. But the government states that the country has returned to normalcy.

...



# Govt has commenced essential development projects - State Minister

*2024-03-06 21:31:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97783/govt-has-commenced-essential-development-projects-state-minister)

In a recent announcement, State Minister for Urban Development and Housing, Arundika Fernando, revealed that the government has commenced crucial development projects.

He also highlighted the growing interest from India, China, and several Western nations in investing in the country.

State Minister Fernando made these statements at a press briefing held at the Presidential Media Centre today (06), under the theme ‘Collective Path to a Stable Country.’

...

