# #SriLanka :sri_lanka: News Bulletin

<div id="news_lk_bulletin">

*Updated* **2024-06-27 15:21:27**

Here are 10 practical information bullet points from the news articles that can be useful to ordinary Sri Lankan citizens:

1. 🚔 Three suspects arrested for printing fake currency notes in Tambuttegama. (adaderanasinhalalk)
2. 🚑 Two bodies recovered from a public rectum in Nuwara Eliya. (virakesarilk)
3. 📡 Increase in mysterious deaths in Karachi; 29 bodies recovered in 3 days. (virakesarilk)
4. 📆 Permanent appointments for 8,000 temporary and casual workers in local authorities to be granted in July. (adaderanasinhalalk)
5. 🏥 Puppy girl dies in Kilinochchi without treatment. (virakesarilk)
6. 🏏 Sri Lankan cricket team head coach Chris Silverwood resigns. (adalk)
7. 🌳 Supreme Court stays degazetting of Vidataltivu reserve in Wilpattu. (adaderanasinhalalk)
8. 💬 Discussion with many parties in Kilinochchi on the creation of an independent commission for truth, unity and reconciliation. (virakesarilk)
9. 💰 Today's gold price index: 24 grams of gold sold at 24,000 rupees and 22 grams of gold sold at 22,200 rupees. (virakesarilk)
10. 🌾 Free MOP fertilizer for paddy cultivation for the next two 'Maha' seasons. (adaderanalk)

</div>

[Previous](data) Bulletins

## Methodology

This bulletin has been autogenerated by MistralAI's [mistral-large-latest](https://mistral.ai/news/mistral-large/) model, with the following [prompt](src/news_lk_bulletin/core/NewsBulletin.py):

*Aggregate these news articles into 10 bullets of information that will be practically useful to ordinary Sri Lankan citizens. EXCLUDE opinions, advertisements and political messages. ANNOTATE with emojis.*

## Source News

Based on **122** News Articles, from the last **18** hours.

# Concellent notes printing pressed by tightening

*2024-06-27 14:24:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198215)

Tambuttegama police have arrested three suspects who printed fake currency notes.

A 17-year-old Udunuvana Colony, a 17-year-old Udiyana, a 17-year-old resident of Nochchiyagama, was arrested on the 25th.

In further interrogation of the suspect, three more suspects have been arrested yesterday (26).

The suspects were taken into custody for eight fake Rs. 5,000 forged Rs.

The arrested suspects are residents of Hettipola, aged 17,49 and 54 years.



# Two bodies recovery at the public rectum in Nuwara Eliya

*2024-06-27 14:15:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187099)

Two bodies have been recovered from the public rectum at the Nuwara Eliya main bus parking lot.

The body of a 71 -year -old elderly man from Blackpool Ruwan Elia, Nuwara Eliya on Wednesday night (26) night, and the body of a 51 -year -old from Aryapura Bogawantalawa on Thursday (27) have been recovered.

The public, who noticed that two people had fallen into the sewage hall, confirmed that the two men had died of the 1990 emergency patient carriage service.

The bodies have been placed in the funeral room of the Nuwara Eliya District General Hospital for autopsy.

...



# Increase in mysterious deaths in Karachi;29 bodies recovery in 3 days

*2024-06-27 14:02:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187097)

Officials say the bodies of 29 people who died mysteriously in Karachi, Pakistan, have been recovered from several parts of the city in three days.

Officials said there were no injuries in the seats and that investigations are being conducted to find out the cause of the deaths.

Officials said that nine bodies were recovered from several parts of the city on Tuesday.

Five bodies by volunteers of the 'Chipa' charity and 4 bodies by the 'opposite' charity have been recovered on Tuesday (25).

As a result, the number of bodies recovered in Karachi in three days up to Mars has increased to 29.

...



# The order on Keheliya's petition

*2024-06-27 13:48:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198214)

The Court of Appeal was set to call a Rit petition filed by the former Health Minister Keheliya Rambukwella on July 1.

The petition has been filed to be remanded to be remanded until the end of the substandard antibodies.

The petition was considered today (27), Deputy Solicitor General Nirmalan Vigneswaran made the Attorney General.



# Do you know these facts about the conspiracy survived?

*2024-06-27 13:45:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198213)

In 2020, the authorities of a military general attempt to expel the elected to be elected as President of Bolivia.

President Luis San says the former president Ivon Morales assisted the effort.

The President of Bolivia is a well-known economist. His full name is Catacora, Luis Alberto.

He is the Creator of the economic plan of the 2005 presidential election, which was appointed as the President.

The Bolivia economy then grew rapidly and the reforms were initially introduced to the economic growth.

It is especially accepted that the reform of reforms he brought many people in poverty during the same time.

...



# Permanent appointments for 8,000 in July

*2024-06-27 13:35:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198212)

Cabinet approval has been granted to grant permanent pension appointments to the temporary, casual, substitutes, contract and relief base of local authorities.

The Cabinet Memorandum of Prime Minister and Public Administration, Home Affairs, Provincial Councils, Provincial Councils and Local Government, Dinesh Gunawardena.

This will take permanent appointments on temporary, casual, substitutes, contract and relief base serving in Pradeshiya Sabhas, Urban Councils across the country.

...



# Puppy girl dies in Kilinochchi

*2024-06-27 13:32:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187095)

A four -year -old girl from Kumarasamipuram, Kilinochchi died on Wednesday (26) without treatment.

The girl was admitted to the Jaffna Teaching Hospital last Sunday and was receiving treatment.



# Sri Lankan cricket team leads to resign

*2024-06-27 13:28:53*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/ශ්‍රී-ලංකා-ක්‍රිකට්-කණ්ඩායමේ-ප්‍රධාන-පුහුණුකරුත්-ඉල්ලා-අස්වෙයි/11-410477)

Sri Lanka Cricket (SLC) has issued the head coach of the Sri Lanka National Box Cricket team to the resignation letter from his post today (27).

Cricket announced that Chris Silvertingd has decided to resign from his post on a personal cause.

Chris Savwardwood was appointed as the Chief Trainer of the Sri Lankan team from May 2022.



# Box against Pavithra's gazette

*2024-06-27 13:25:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198211)

The Supreme Court has issued an interim injunction with a part of the Wilpattu-based Vedithalthivu Reserve Forest Reserve forest area.

The Supreme Court issued the order permits a petition filed by several environmental organizations.

The interim injunction order stated that until the end of the petition examination.



# Discussion with many parties in Kilinochchi on the creation of an independent commission for truth, unity and reconciliation!

*2024-06-27 13:18:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187093)

The Interim Secretariat for Truth and Reconciliation Mechanism and the proposed Commission for True Unity and Reconciliation (CTUR) is taking steps to establish a Commission in Sri Lanka to address the problems and injustices facing the victims of the conflict in the North and East in Sri Lanka.

Four sessions were held yesterday (26) in the Kilinochchi district.

Discussions were held in Sri Lanka under the aim of promoting national reconciliation, unity and social justice.

...



# Supreme Court stays degazetting of Vidataltivu reserve

*2024-06-27 13:15:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100141/supreme-court-stays-degazetting-of-vidataltivu-reserve)

The Supreme Court has issued an interim order preventing the implementation of Gazette notification issued by Wildlife Minister Pavithra Wanniarachchi, which de-gazetted a section of the Vidataltivu Nature Reserve in Wilpattu to allocate it for a prawn farm project.

In May, an extraordinary gazette had been issued de-gazetting a section of the Vidataltivu Nature Reserve to set up an aquaculture industrial park.

The aquaculture industrial park will reportedly be used for the farming of various species including marine finfish, crabs and exotic species of shrimp in a Public Private Partnership.

...



# The oveest racket robbing the people of Samarisi

*2024-06-27 13:10:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198210)

The Mirihana Police have arrested three extortors who were naked and extorted to a desolate house, claiming that they were introduced to Samarises.

The suspects have been organized organized organized.

After connecting a 39-year-old man in the Bandarawela area in Nugegoda, a 39 year old resident of the Bandarawela area in Nugegoda has brought him to a desolate two storied house in Badakotte.

The victim has been assaulted and naked and threatened to welcome the vision and was threatened to do the Internet.

To do not, the people have asked the person to ask for a ransom of Rs. 100,000.

...



# Kenya’s president withdraws tax plan after deadly protest

*2024-06-27 13:07:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100140/kenyas-president-withdraws-tax-plan-after-deadly-protest)

Kenya’s President William Ruto says he will withdraw a finance bill containing controversial tax hikes after deadly protests which saw parliament set ablaze on Tuesday.

In an address to the nation, he said it was clear that Kenyans “want nothing” to do with the bill.

“I concede,” he said, adding that he would not sign the bill into law.

At least 22 people were killed in Tuesday’s protests, according to the state-funded Kenya National Commission on Human Rights (KNHRC).

Mr Ruto said he would now enter into dialogue with the young people, who were at the forefront of the biggest protests to hit the country since he was elected in 2022.

...



# Sakala work to submit a report within 2 weeks of flooding in Colombo

*2024-06-27 13:06:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187092)

Sagala Ratnayake, the Senior Advisor of the National Security and the President of the President, advised the Divisional Secretaries of the National Security President and the President of the President of the President, to submit a report on the reports of all Grama Niladhari Divisions and submit the initial report on the basis of those reports.

Accordingly, he said that he would take immediate steps to prepare the necessary plans to address these issues in consultation with the leaders of the concerned companies.

...



# Gang attacked the elderly couple with a sharp weapon: wife death:

*2024-06-27 13:03:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187090)

A 74 -year -old woman died and the woman's husband was injured and admitted to the hospital when a gang entered the house with a sharp weapon.

Only the elderly husband (age 76) of the house lives in the house. Their two children live separately in the abroad and a daughter in Kelaniya.

In this case, the gang, who entered the house, assaulted the elderly wife with a sharp weapon and attacked her husband near the bathroom, tied her hands and feet and the robbers had fled the scene.

Moreover, police suspect that the gang may have been assaulted and killed by the couple for robbing property.

...



# Today's gold price index

*2024-06-27 13:01:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187091)

The All Ceylon Jewelry Merchants Association said that 24 grams of gold will be sold at 24,000 rupees and 24 kart 8 grams (one pound) gold at 191,500 rupees today as gold prices are changing in the country.

In addition, 22 grams of gold is sold at 22,200 rupees and 22 carat 8 grams (one pound) gold is being sold at 177,200 rupees.



# Free MOP fertilizer for paddy cultivation for next two ‘Maha’ seasons

*2024-06-27 13:00:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100139/-free-mop-fertilizer-for-paddy-cultivation-for-next-two-maha-seasons)

Minister of Agriculture and Plantation Industries Mahinda Amaraweera, announced that a national week for the implementation of the Youth Agri-Entrepreneurship Village Program will be held from July 01st to 07th.

He also stated that the government has decided to provide free MOP fertilizer for paddy cultivation to farmers for the next two seasons.

Minister Amaraweera made these remarks during a press briefing themed “Collective Path to a Stable Country”, held at the Presidential Media Centre (PMC) yesterday (26).

...



# Indian fishermen to be charged over death of Sri Lanka Navy sailor

*2024-06-27 12:48:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100138/indian-fishermen-to-be-charged-over-death-of-sri-lanka-navy-sailor)

Sri Lanka Navy says that the 10 Indian fishermen who were arrested while poaching in Sri Lankan waters off Kankesanthurai in the early hours of Tuesday (25) will also face charges for causing the death of a naval person and for causing damage to naval property.

The Sri Lanka Navy had conducted a special operation off Kankesanthurai, Jaffna in the wee hours of June 25, to seize an Indian fishing trawler poaching in Sri Lankan waters.

During this operation, a senior sailor from the Navy Special Boat Squadron sustained critical injuries due to the aggressive manoeuvres of the Indian trawler, resisting its seizure, the navy said.

...



# Manager remanded for jewelery and money

*2024-06-27 12:43:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198209)

A manager of jewelery and cash worth Rs. 800 lakhs have been remanded.

A manager of the Hatton Malliupuwa was arrested by the Special Criminal Investigation Division of the Hatton Police Division.

The suspect was produced before Hatton Magistrate yesterday (26), he ordered to be remanded until July 09.

The suspect was remanded as a manager of the private centers manager.

The suspect has served as the manager of the mortgage centers for several years and returned to the island, jewelery and checked jewelry in the mortgage center.

...



# Sri Lanka banks say lobbies oppose recoveries, while others say defaulters going free

*2024-06-27 12:37:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-banks-say-lobbies-oppose-recoveries-while-others-say-defaulters-going-free-169820/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka Bank Association’s say politicians are wrongly blaming them saying defaulters are going free while others are opposing recoveries.

Sri Lanka’s parliament passed a law to delay ‘parate execution’ a recovery process till December in a sudden state intervention.

The SLBA said it was assuring depositors that monies being lent are being recovered, and that it is only a small number of borrowers that are resorting to aggressive lobbying to stop.

There have been claims made that recoveries are not being pursued against borrowers with political connections.

...



# Sri Lanka goods exports down 5.81-pct in May, services up 21.2-pct

*2024-06-27 12:33:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-goods-exports-down-5-81-pct-in-may-services-up-21-2-pct-169818/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka’s merchandise exports fell 5.81 percent from a year ago to 960.2 million dollars in May 2024, the island’s Export Development Board said.

Goods exports in the five months to May 2024 was 5,016.30 million up 3.09 percent from the corresponding period last year.

Service exports were up 21.24 percent in May at 327.35 million dollars.

Total goods and services exports fell 0.15 percent in May to 1,287.59 million.

...



# Today's currency exchange rate

*2024-06-27 12:28:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187088)

The US dollar purchasing price was Rs 300.6997 and the sales price were Rs 309.8352 based on a currency exchange rate released by the Central Bank on Thursday (June 27).



# We will send Lebanon to the Age- Israel

*2024-06-27 12:25:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187089)

Israel has said it does not want a war in Lebanon, but it can be sent to Lebanon.

Israeli Defense Minister Yo Galant said this during his visit to Wasington.

We do not want the war but we are preparing ourselves for all circumstances, ”he said.

The Hesbullah organization knows that we can devastate Lebanon if we launch a war, Israel's defense minister said.

It is noteworthy that the Israeli war began on the seventh of October after the launch of the Israeli war on the Israeli Lebanon border.

...



# Financial Fraud in India's Wind Power Power Program - United People's Power

*2024-06-27 12:23:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187087)

The United People's Power alleges that the power generation projects launched by India's Adani Company have been massive.

The United People's Power has questioned the government's admission to India's Adani Grens Energy Company to launch a wind power plant in Mannar Poonakari.

United People's Power Parliamentarian Ajith P. Perera says that the President and the Minister of State for India and Minister Kanjanavijayasekara have provided a massive financial financial raise as the President and Minister Kanjanavijayasekara has provided the air force in the Department of Power and Energy.

...



# President pays homage to the Lord the Lord

*2024-06-27 12:17:48*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/religion/ජනපති-දළඳා-සමිඳුන්-වැඳ-පුදා-ගනියි/4-410476)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe has come to Kandy and paid homage to the Sri Dalada Mandasiya.



# Kenyan President results

*2024-06-27 12:08:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198208)

President William Rooto has decided to consult the controversial Finance Bill by the Kenyan government.

The Bill had been proposed to amend the tax system of the country.

Protesters have also been spread throughout the country and set on fire in the country.

It was reported that 23 people were killed in clashes between security forces and the agitoes.



# 24-day a person was abducted and the victims were looking for the police

*2024-06-27 12:03:38*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/දින-24-ක්-පුද්ගලයෙකු-පැහැරගෙන-ගොස්-දසවද-දුන්-පිරිසක්-පොලීසියෙන්-සොයයි/11-410474)

A 24-day residents of Bharatipuram, Kilinochchi, surrendered to the Kilithapura Police yesterday (26), saying that he was assaulted and tortured by a group.

His relatives had complained to the police that 48-year-old Sinharajan Jayakumar, a resident of Bharathapuram.

However, the man had come to the Kilinochchi police, however, and had been assaulted by the day and attacked the bundle.

Accordingly, the police had gone to a place of information according to the person's information, and no one had been investigated and there was a wide investigation into whether he had no information about the owners.

...



# Honduras ex-President Hernandez sentenced to 45 years in prison on US drug conviction

*2024-06-27 11:52:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100137/honduras-ex-president-hernandez-sentenced-to-45-years-in-prison-on-us-drug-conviction)

Former Honduran President Juan Orlando Hernandez was sentenced by a U.S. judge on Wednesday to 45 years in prison for his conviction on drug and firearm offenses.

The sentence means Hernandez, 55, will likely spend the rest of his life behind bars, unless his expected appeal succeeds.

A Manhattan jury found him guilty in March of accepting millions of dollars in bribes to protect U.S.-bound cocaine shipments belonging to traffickers he once publicly proclaimed to combat.

Prosecutors had sought a life sentence, while defense lawyers said a 40-year term, the mandatory minimum under federal law, was enough.

...



# The coach of the cricket team resigns

*2024-06-27 11:49:05*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/பிரதான-விளையாட்டு/கிரிக்கெட்-அணியின்-பயிற்சியாளர்-இராஜினாமா/44-339525)

Chris Silverwood, the head coach of the Sri Lankan National Cricket Team, has resigned from the post, said Sri Lanka Cricket.

Chris Silverwood from England has resigned for personal reasons, Sri Lanka Cricket has said.

Chris Silverwood was also accused of a setback for the Sri Lankan cricket team in the T20 World Cup.



# The students who went to schools went back

*2024-06-27 11:46:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187085)

Today's Chancellor and Teachers' Associations have been involved in the workplace, protesting against the throwing of water and tear gas bombs on the teacher struggle in Colombo.

A few teachers were present at all schools in Vavuniya, especially in all schools.

However, it was possible to observe that the parents had taken the children they had brought back home and that some students were waiting at the school gate.



# President visit the Dalada House: Blessed

*2024-06-27 11:40:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187081)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe visited the historic Sri Dalada House in Kandy on Thursday morning (27).

President Ranil Wickremesinghe, who visited Kandy, met with Sri Sumangala Thera of the Malwathu Maha Viharaya, Sri Sumangala Thera and Asgiri Maha Vikarai Mahanayaka Varakkoda Sri Gnanaradana Thera.

President Mahanayaka clarified the economic and financial progress in Sri Lanka and handed them over to the Kandy Urban Development Program.



# Sri Lanka cricket coach Chris Silverwood resigns

*2024-06-27 11:39:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-cricket-coach-chris-silverwood-resigns-169813/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Head coach Chris Silverwood has resigned for personal reasons, Sri Lanka cricket said days after Mahela Jayewardene also left.

“Being an international coach means long periods away from loved ones. After lengthy conversations with my family and with a heavy heart, I feel it is now time for me to return home and spend some quality time together,” Sri Lanka Cricket quoted Silverwood as saying in a statement.

“I would like to thank the players, coaches, backroom staff, and management of the SLC for their support during my time in Sri Lanka. Without your support, none of the success would have been possible

...



# Promotion to the dead naval soldier

*2024-06-27 11:28:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198207)

The Navy states that the Indian fishermen will be prosecuted against the Indian fishermen regarding the arrest of a group of Indian fishermen who violate navy property and damaged them.

The Indian fishing vessel was murdered as the Indian fishing vessel was managed by the Indian fishing vessel as the Indian fishing vessel was managed by the Navy.

The Indian fishermen and its fishermen were seized by the Navy and the Navy's fisheries in Sri Lankan waters and prosecuted the navy fisheries and sued the naval property and sued the naval property.It is said.

...



# Dusk

*2024-06-27 11:27:18*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/மாணவனின்-வயிற்றை-கிழித்த-இரண்டடி-தடி-மீட்பு/175-339524)

When the palm tree failed to fall down, there was an incident in Kalmunai that had been recovered in the stomach of a schoolgirl.

The youth who was involved in the accident on the road to support the Kalmunai North was admitted to the emergency department on Tuesday (25). The incident of a youth survived after several hours of emergency surgery has been reported in Kalmunai.

A 18 -year -old schoolgirl from Navithanveli area in Kalmunai has fallen into a palm tree to snatch a tree.

...



# Two judges withdraw from court contempt of court against Diana

*2024-06-27 11:21:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187082)

Two High Court judges have withdrawn from the trial filed against former State Minister Diana Kamage for insulting the court.

A case has been filed against Diana Kamage in a media briefing on the verdict given by the Supreme Court to disqualify from the post of Member of Parliament.

In the meantime, the case was taken up in the presence of a panel of judges of High Court Judges Preeti Padman Surasena, Kumudini Wickramasinghe and Janak de Silva yesterday (26).

Judges Janak de Silva and Kumudini Wickremesinghe have announced that they will quit the case.



# If love is married

*2024-06-27 11:17:06*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/காதல்-திருமணம்-செய்தால்-குற்ற-வரி/175-339522)

Each government surpasses other governments. The country's taxable system for countries can vary.

Romantic married people do not pay the crime tax. In this regard, the BBC has conducted a Tamil field study.

Near the Coimbatore district, the tax is levied for the crime for romantic married couples and is still practiced by the manner in which the city is not paid if it is not paid.. They call it 'piercing'.

The Vadakkalur village leader said that this practice has been practiced for many generations.

...



# Grama Niladhari 3 -day union action

*2024-06-27 11:09:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187077)

The Grama Niladhari Association has decided to engage in trade union action, condemning the delay in providing solutions to many of their demands.

The trade union action is being taken to increase transportation, fuel allowance, uniform allowance and communication allowance.

The government has made rapid decisions to address the problems of state executive officials.

Our coalition has been discussing these issues for many years, but the solutions to our problems continue to be delayed, the Grama Niladhari Trade Union Federation said.

Due to this, the Grama Niladhari has been engaged in the workshop yesterday (26) for three days.

...



# Two killed in train within 100 miters

*2024-06-27 11:06:12*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/මිටර්-100ක්-ඇතුළත-දුම්රියේ-ගැටී-දෙදෙනෙක්-ජිවිතක්ෂයට/11-410473)

Kosgoda Police say that two mines have been killed in a distance of two meters in the area in the river railway line.

The train had been killed two-year-old and 60-year-old male, a resident of the Apelled area in Amarasuwa.

According to the two-five-year-old man who was traveling to Matara from Colombo this morning, the police said.

Both of them have hit the train between a hundred meters from the railway line.

The police said that the two commenced their suicide, or for the other reason, sought to look into the train.

Deaths of both death of the train crash were to be held at the Balapitiya Base Hospital this afternoon.



# Blessed President

*2024-06-27 11:00:18*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/மல்வத்து-பீடத்தில்-ஆசி-பெற்றார்-ஜனாதிபதி/175-339520)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe, who visited Kandy, met with Sri Sumangala Thera and Asgiri Mahanayaka Varakkoda Sri Gnanaradana Thera.

President Mahanayaka clarified the economic and financial progress in Sri Lanka and handed them over to the Kandy Urban Development Program.



# Lawyer of lawyer arrested for sanding the law

*2024-06-27 10:58:49*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/නීතියට-වැලි-ගැසූ--නීතිඥයා-කාර්යාංශ-දැලේ/11-410472)

June 25, officials of the Bureau of the Bureau has raided a fraudulent foreign employment agency conducted without a valid license with the Sri Lanka Bureau.

The raid was conducted due to a illegal foreign employment agency in Kottawa, Kottawa operating in the Makumbura junction and recruitments to the Branch.

Officers of the Bureau have been arrested by the Special Investigation Division of the Bureau where he was asked to be a lawyer from profession in question.. A large number of other documents, including 50 passports, job applications, visa documents, have been taken into custody.

...



# Bolivia will prevent the government to roll over

*2024-06-27 10:47:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198206)

The government's attempt to fly in Bolivia, a military conspiracy, has failed to capture power conspiracy.

Foreign media said that the General Juan José Zúaniga has been arrested by the General Police who identified as the head of the conspiracy.

Under his leadership, a group of military had broken into the President's House in Pas City.

Also, military armed vehicles were placed at Murillakro Square located in the government's major buildings. Later the military groups left.

The General, who led the conspiracy, said his attempt to restructure democracy.

...



# President pays homage to Talada

*2024-06-27 10:46:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198205)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe arrived at the historic Sri Dalada Maliyagoda this morning (27).

The President then visited the Sri Gnanadithana Leader of the Sri Gnanarathana Maha Vidyalaya and the General Leader of the Asgiriya Chapter of the Asgiriya Chapter of the Malwathu Chapter.

The President also announced the President of the President to the Mahanayake, the President presented the progressive discussion of the country's economic and financial progress.



# Chris Silverwood resigns as Sri Lanka head coach

*2024-06-27 10:35:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100136/chris-silverwood-resigns-as-sri-lanka-head-coach)

The Head Coach of the Sri Lanka National Cricket Team Chris Silverwood, has tendered his resignation from the position, citing personal reasons, Sri Lanka Cricket (SLC) announced today.

“Being an international coach means long periods away from loved ones. After lengthy conversations with my family and with a heavy heart, I feel it is now time for me to return home and spend some quality time together,” Silverwood stated.

...



# President calls on Malwatu and Asgiri Maha Nayake Theros

*2024-06-27 10:25:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100135/president-calls-on-malwatu-and-asgiri-maha-nayake-theros)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe visited the Chief Prelate of the Malwatu Chapter Most Ven. Thibbatuwawe Sri Sumangala Maha Nayaka Thera and the Chief Prelate of the Asgiri Chapter Most Ven. Warakagoda Sri Gnanarathana Nayaka Thera during his visit to Kandy, a short while ago, and received their blessings.

The President engaged in progressive discussions on the country’s economic and financial progress and presented the Greater Kandy Urban Plan to the Chief Prelates, the President’s Media Division said.



# President presents Greater Kandy Urban Plan to Chief Prelates

*2024-06-27 10:25:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100135/president-presents-greater-kandy-urban-plan-to-chief-prelates)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe visited the Chief Prelate of the Malwatu Chapter Most Ven. Thibbatuwawe Sri Sumangala Maha Nayaka Thera and the Chief Prelate of the Asgiri Chapter Most Ven. Warakagoda Sri Gnanarathana Nayaka Thera during his visit to Kandy, a short while ago, and received their blessings.

The President engaged in progressive discussions on the country’s economic and financial progress and presented the Greater Kandy Urban Plan to the Chief Prelates, the President’s Media Division said.



# Two SC judges recuse themselves from Diana Gamage contempt petition

*2024-06-27 10:24:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100134/two-sc-judges-recuse-themselves-from-diana-gamage-contempt-petition)

Two Supreme Court judges have recused themselves from considering the contempt of court petition filed against former State Minister Diana Gamage.

The petition, filed by the former chairman of the Weligama Urban Council Rehan Jayawickrema, alleges that Gamage is guilty of contempt for the comments made by her during a press conference following the Supreme Court’s judgment disqualifying her from holding the position of a Member of Parliament.

The petition was taken up before a three-member Supreme Court bench comprising Justices Preethi Padman Surasena, Kumuduni Wickremasinghe, and Janak De Silva yesterday (26).

...



# Muttur - Politicians and politicians visit the struggle of the people

*2024-06-27 10:11:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187071)

On Wednesday (26), the people of the Muttur Irudayapuram area of ​​Muttur, Trincomalee met the people, community activists, parliamentarian Imran Mahroof and the district branch leader of the Sri Lanka Tamil State Party, Shanmugam Kukadasan.

The court has ordered the arrest of 15 persons who were protesting against the liquor road that was started in the Muttur heart. Muttur police arrested them on Tuesday (25).

The men were arrested on charges of gathering without permission, disrupting the duty of the police, and attacking the police.



# Sri Lankan cricket team resigns

*2024-06-27 10:11:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198204)

England, who was the chief coach of the Sri Lanka national cricket team, has resigned from the post.

Sri Lanka Cricket said that he had taken that decision on personal reasons.



# Four suspects arrested with explosives

*2024-06-27 10:02:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198203)

Four suspects have been arrested by the police along with a delegation in the Velgala area in Hasalaka Police Division.

The police said that the explosives have been found on information received by the Hasalaka Police Station.

The police said that there were 550 g of ammonia, 550 g, 116 cm long service string and three detonators.

The arrested suspects are residents of Minipe area, aged 37, 50 and 60 years old.

Investigations have revealed that the suspects were carrying these explosives to fish in the Mahaweli River.



# The struggle of principals and teachers who continue for the second day

*2024-06-27 09:58:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187070)

The second day of the union arrangement of principals and teachers was launched on Thursday (27).

Learning teaching activities in schools are still paralyzed today due to the illicit holiday struggle in the arrangement of the Principals and Teachers Trade Union Federation.

Students have been visited and schools have been observed that the schools have not been able to return home as principals and teachers do not attend.



# A month -old baby dies in milk

*2024-06-27 09:57:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187072)

Forty days after a baby girl died on Wednesday (26) in the east of Jaffna.

Parents who observed that the baby was immobile yesterday morning, took the child to the Tellippalai Base Hospital.

Sudden Death Investigation Officer

Subsequently, an anatomical examination held at the Jaffna Bodhana Hospital has been reported that the death of milk has been reported.



# Paris Club urge comparable deal with Sri Lanka bond holders, seeks info

*2024-06-27 09:41:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/paris-club-urge-comparable-deal-with-sri-lanka-bond-holders-seeks-info-169788/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka’s official creditor committee made up of Paris Club and India have urged the island to ensure that deal with private bondholders is comparable after concluding agreement on their loans.

While India and several nations negotiated with the Paris Club, China negotiated on a parallel track.

“The OCC now looks forward to receiving from Sri Lanka all information necessary for the OCC to ensure comparability of treatment,” the group said in a statement.

...



# Sri Lanka rupee opens weaker at 305.40/60 to US dollar

*2024-06-27 09:40:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-rupee-opens-weaker-at-305-40-60-to-us-dollar-169786/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka’s rupee opened at 305.40/60 to the US dollar on Thursday, while bond yields were down, and stocks opened 0.17 percent up, dealers said.

The rupee closed at 305.35/55 to the greenback on Wednesday.

In equities, Colombo’s All Share Price Index opened 21.13 points higher at 12,282, while the S&P SL20 of more liquid stocks opened up at 0.21 percent or 7.74 points to 3,636.

A bond maturing on 01.08.2026 was quoted at 10.60/11.00 percent, down from 10.70/11.00 percent.

A bond maturing on 15.03.2028 was quoted at 11.50/60 percent, down from 11.25/80 percent.

...



# The tragedy that climbed 7 lives a day

*2024-06-27 09:36:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198202)

Police say that most of the deaths due to road accidents in the country are motorbikes.

Deputy Inspector General of Police Indika Hapugoda says about seven people die due to road accidents.

Speaking at a media briefing in Colombo, DIG Indika Hapugoda was speaking.

"Sri Lanka dies from about 12,000 times a year. The fourth of them dies from accidents. Seventeen, eight people are killed in Sri Lanka's accidents. The most kids are killed by motorcyclists and followers. Sri Lankan youth lost 18 to 28 years of effective. Last year, 2,310 people died. So 2023, 230 lives were saved from 2023 years of road accidents in 2022 as a percentage. "

...



# India hails Sri Lanka’s debt restructuring pact; reaffirms support to recovery

*2024-06-27 09:18:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100133/india-hails-sri-lankas-debt-restructuring-pact-reaffirms-support-to-recovery)

India on Wednesday welcomed Sri Lanka’s debt restructuring agreement with a group of creditor nations and said it will continue to support the island nation’s economic recovery, including by promoting long-term investments.

India is one of the co-chairs of the Official Creditors Committee (OCC) that was formed in April last year to finalise a plan for restructuring Sri Lanka’s debt.

The Sri Lankan government said it has finalised a long-delayed debt restructuring agreement for USD 5.8 billion with its bilateral lenders, including India and China.

...



# A person death in a toilet in the bus

*2024-06-27 09:13:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198201)

The body of a dead person was found in the general toilet at the Nuwara Eliya bus stand.

Police said that the toilet was initiated on a telephone call on a telephone call on the toilet.

In 1990, the ambulance service has come to the death of the person.

The body has been placed at the Nuwara Eliya Hospital for the emergency test.



# Teachers and principals continue strike today

*2024-06-27 09:11:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100132/teachers-and-principals-continue-strike-today)

The teacher-principal trade unions are continuing their strike action today (27) as well, protesting against the firing of tear gas and water cannons to disperse their protest march in Colombo yesterday (26).

The teacher-principal trade unions engaged in an island-wide trade union action by reporting sick leave yesterday (26) based on several demands. At the same time, the members of the trade union launched a protest in Colombo which commenced from near the Colombo Fort Railway Station.

...



# Bribed officer arrested

*2024-06-27 09:08:11*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/லஞ்சம்-பெற்ற-அதிகாரி-கைது/175-339511)

A group of officials of the Bribery Corruption Commission yesterday (26) arrested a village officer in connection with the bribery incident of a woman who had bribed a woman.

According to a complaint lodged by a woman living in the Heyrasagala Grama Niladhari, a group of officials of the Bribery Commission have arrested a group of officials and arrested the Grama Niladhari Office.

The village officer has taken the money in connection with the incident of supplying electricity to the house of the woman's son who complained.. Remble



# School educational activities will take place today as usual;Ministry of Education

*2024-06-27 09:08:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187069)

The Ministry of Education has announced that the educational activities of all schools will be held today (27) despite the struggles of principals, teachers and faculty consultants nationwide.

A protest campaign was carried out in front of the Fort Railway Station yesterday demanding the resolving the pay issues of teachers and principals.

In the meantime, tear gas and water were used to dissolve the protesting principals and teachers.

Joseph Stalin, general secretary of the Sri Lanka Teachers Union, said that the second day of the day will continue for the second day.



# Red alert leave on the next 24 hours

*2024-06-27 08:59:23*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/அடுத்த-24-மணிநேரம்-குறித்து-சிவப்பு-எச்சரிக்கை-விடுப்பு/175-339510)

The Department of Meteorology has issued a red warning on strong winds and sea turbulence.

The announcement, which was released at 3.30 am today (27), will be in effect for the next 24 hours, the department said.

Accordingly, long -time boat fishermen and maritime community operating in the Arabian Sea are advised to be very careful.

The department has announced that strong winds are likely to blow in the area and the sea will be very turbulent.

Meanwhile, the Department of Meteorology has forecast rainfall in the Western, Sabaragamuwa and North Western Provinces and Kandy, Nuwara Eliya, Galle and Matara districts.

...



# Bolivia coup attempt fails after military assault on presidential palace

*2024-06-27 08:53:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100131/bolivia-coup-attempt-fails-after-military-assault-on-presidential-palace)

Bolivian armed forces pulled back from the presidential palace in La Paz on Wednesday evening and a general was arrested after President Luis Arce slammed a “coup” attempt against the government and called for international support.

Earlier in the day, military units led by General Juan Jose Zuniga, recently stripped of his military command, had gathered in the central Plaza Murillo square, home to the presidential palace and Congress. A Reuters witness saw an armored vehicle ram a door of the presidential palace and soldiers rush in.

...



# Bundy fertilizer is free of the paddy cultivation to two next central seasons

*2024-06-27 08:48:14*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/ඉදිරි-මහ-කන්න-දෙකකට-වී-වගාවට-බන්ඩි-පොහොර-නොමිලේ/11-410471)

Minister of Agriculture and Plantation Industries Mahinda Amaraweera stated that a National Week for the implementation of the Youth Agri Entrepreneurship Village from July 01 to 7.

The government has decided to provide Rs.

Minister of Agriculture and Plantation Industries Mahinda Amaraweera made this statement participating at a press conference held at the Presidential Media Center.

...



# South Africa for first cup final

*2024-06-27 08:35:24*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/sports/දකුණු-අප්‍රිකාව-පළමුවරට-ලෝක-කුසලාන-අවසන්-මහ-තරගයකට/9-410470)

South Afghan group easily won the final match of the Twenty20 World Cup.

The Afghan group who first won the coin in the semi final only 56 runs.

South Africa beat the target to pass only one wicket in 8.5 overs. The South African team, which is unfortunate as an unfortunate juncture of the World Cup competition, is eligible for the final game of the World Cup.



# Several spells of showers expected in parts of the island

*2024-06-27 08:22:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100130/several-spells-of-showers-expected-in-parts-of-the-island)

The Meteorology Department says showers will occur at times in Western, Sabaragamuwa and North-western provinces and in Kandy, Nuwara Eliya, Galle and Matara districts.

Several spells of showers may occur in Matale and Hambantota districts, it said.

Strong winds of about 40-50kmph can be expected at times over the Western slopes of the central hills, Northern, North-central and North-western provinces and in Trincomalee, Hambantota and Monaragala districts.



# South Africa to the last round

*2024-06-27 08:09:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198200)

South Africa won the match between Afghanistan and South Africa in the final round of the World Cup.



# Restriction of Credit: Will the news truly harmony with Sri Lanka?

*2024-06-27 08:08:08*

[bbccomsinhala](https://www.bbc.com/sinhala/articles/cpv3dy0wgnwo)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe stated that Sri Lanka completed the restructuring agreements with its major official bilateral creditors.. The loans of $ 10 billion will be restructured.

The Government of Sri Lanka was preparing to announce a broader press propagation to announce a successful country to a success.

Prof. Amini Methshi Perera told BBC Sinhala as a country as a country, as a country. 'Yesterday, the loans were restructured. As a country, you can be a good message. That's true. This is a good thing. It is accepting that. But the decision to make a happy message has the decision to the future.

...



# President says IMF will not go back

*2024-06-27 07:58:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198199)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe says he is trying to create a strong and disciplined economy that never needs to go to the International Monetary Fund.

The President had made a special statement last night (26).

...



# Teachers - Principals sick today

*2024-06-27 07:18:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198198)

The teacher's trade unions have been played on a Buddhist strike from today (27) and sick leave.

The Guru-Principal's trade unions have decided to strike in protest of tear gas and water attack on protest in Colombo.

The Teacher-Principal of the Teacher - Principal was launched yesterday (26), reports say.

The arrival of children in many schools was also low and the students who had come to school were not able to enter schools.

However, the Ministry of Education has issued a statement that all government schools will be held today (27).

...



# An easy target for South Africa

*2024-06-27 07:05:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198197)

The match between Afghanistan and South Africa, the finals of the World Cup match will be held.

The Afghan group scored 56 runs for the loss of 56 balls to bat first.

The Marco Jansen and Tabraiz Shamsi took three wickets each for South African team.

South Africa have been able to win the match 57 runs.



# Two judges leave the case against Diana

*2024-06-27 06:53:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198196)

Two Supreme Court judges have resigned from the submission of the petition filed by Mrs. Diana Gamage, accusing the execution of former state ministers.

The petition was filed by the former Chairman of the Weligama Urban Council, accusing the court's decision to abolish the post of posts.

The petition was called before the three-member Supreme Court Judge Mrs. Surren Surasena, Kumuduni Wickramasinghe and Janaka de Silva.

Kumudani Wickramasinghe and Janaka de Silva, who was the member judge of the panel of judges, has been asked to remove these petitions.

...



# A red announcement from the weather

*2024-06-27 06:18:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198194)

The Department of Meteorology has issued a warning red announcement of the strong winds and the sea.

The relevant announcement issued at 3.30 am today (27) is effective for the next 24 hours.

The Department of Meteorology has not been concerned about the Typhord Fisheries and Naval communities working in the Arabian Sea.

The department announces that strong winds can cause very strong winds and the sea can be very rough.

Meanwhile, the Meteorology Department says that there will be showers in the Western, Sabaragamuwa and North Western provinces.

...



# Heyrasagala village officer arrested by officials of bribery corruption commission

*2024-06-27 05:26:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187066)

A group of officials of the Bribery Corruption Commission on Wednesday (26) arrested a Heyrazakala village officer in connection with the bribery of a woman.

According to a complaint lodged by a woman living in the Heyrasagala Grama Niladhari, a group of officials of the Bribery Commission have arrested a group of officials and arrested the Grama Niladhari Office.

The village officer has taken the money in connection with the incident of supplying electricity to the house of the woman's son who complained.



# British High Commissioner who met the Governor of the Northern Province

*2024-06-27 05:18:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187065)

Governor of the Northern Province. S.. M.. Charles, including the British High Commissioner to Sri Lanka, met with the Andrew Patrick on Wednesday (26).. The meeting was held at the Governor of the Northern Province.

Discussions were discussed on a number of issues including resettlement, land release, employment opportunities and transport facilities.

The governor said that only 1500 families had to be resettled as the resettlement measures had been completed and the resettlement of them had been taken to resettle them.

...



# President Ranil again ordered to hand over the grazing floor of peacock farmers;Meeting with farmers in the 2nd week of July

*2024-06-27 05:08:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187064)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe has once again ordered the relevant state officials to hand over the grazing floor of the peacock farmers.

President Ranil has said that he is also interested in meeting the farmers in person at the moment of visiting Batticaloa for the second week of July.

President Ranil Wickremesinghe met with the Batticaloa Government Agent, the Mahaweli Authority officials and the Forest Department officials at the Presidential Secretariat yesterday.

At this time, the focus was on the struggle of peacock farmers to ensure their grazing grounds.. Farmers were also concerned about the demand issued by the farmers.

...



# Lesley Craig to the Tamil people to express support for the Samastit solution. S. Gajendran emphasizes

*2024-06-27 04:57:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187063)

The Tamil National Ambassador to the Southern Asian Society of the Commonwealth and the British Ambassador to the Commonwealth of the United Nations, the Tamil people who rejected any solution and the support of the Tamils ​​that could never be lost and enjoyed by the Tamil people. Nitran said.

He stated that he stated that he stated that he was speaking on Tuesday night between Lesley Craig, the South Asian region of the Commonwealth Organization and the British Ambassador in Colombo and the Selvarasa Gajendran of the Tamil National People's Front on Tuesday night at the Jetwing Hotel in Jaffna.

...



# LPL logo, competition table was ranged

*2024-06-27 04:24:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187062)

Sri Lanka Cricket today released the number of teams, teams and competition schedules for the fifth Lanka Premier League chapter organized by Sri Lanka Cricket.

The owners of the current Champions Bilav Kandy Kandy team have been changed to its owners and the name of the team has been changed to Kandy Belgons.

This time Leica Jevna Kings, Goal Mawels, Dambulla Sixes, Kalambo Strikes and Kandy Belgons participate

The Fifth Lanka Premier League Chapter begins with the match between the Goal Mawels and the Kandy Belgons team in Pallekele on July 1.

In the two phases, each team will oppose each other twice.

...



# Can the presidential election without 'flowers, temples'' can't win?

*2024-06-27 04:02:10*

[bbccomsinhala](https://www.bbc.com/sinhala/articles/cd11r2vdkydo)

History testifies that the Devanampiya introduced Buddhism in Tissa since the king of Tissa.

Accordingly, the kings ruled by the kings of Lakdiva have seen that the civilians acted accordingly.

Archaeologists have also pointed out that Buddhism has directly affected the building of a civilized society without a specific religious discipline.

The Constitution of Sri Lanka shall be Buddhist?

The dental relics brought to Sri Lanka about the 4th century BCE later became a symbol of state.

The king controlling the Lakdani relics early in the early days was assigned to a symbol of protecting noonomity.

...



# Prolongation

*2024-06-27 02:42:00*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/சட்டமா-அதிபரின்-பதவி-நீடிப்பு-பரிந்துரை-நிராகரிப்பு/175-339505)

The president's recommendation to extend the tenure of Attorney Sanjay Rajaratnam for a further six months was taken up for a referendum at yesterday's Constitutional Council meeting.

The recommendation was rejected by 5 votes and 3 votes in favor. (A)



# Mahajana Eksath Peramuna calls on EC to inform political parties on Presidential poll 2024

*2024-06-27 02:05:24*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/Mahajana-Eksath-Peramuna-calls-on-EC-to-inform-political-parties-on-Presidential-poll-2024/56-763544)

Mahajana Eksath Peramuna (MEP) yesterday called on the Elections Commission (EC) to inform all political parties on the status and procedures of the upcoming Presidential Election.

MEP General Secretary Attorney at Law Tissa Jayawardena Yapa made this request in writing following a meeting held with Elections Commission Chairman R.M.A.L. Rathnayake and Director-General Saman Sri Rathnayake at the Election Secretariat in Rajagiriya.

...



# India says will continue to support Sri Lanka

*2024-06-27 02:04:48*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/India-says-will-continue-to-support-Sri-Lanka/56-763543)

India said yesterday it will continue to support Sri Lanka’s economic recovery including by promoting long-term investments in its key economic sectors.

The announcement follows the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) on debt restructuring between Official Creditors Committee and the Government of Sri Lanka.

...



# Ali Sabry to undertake official visit to Japan

*2024-06-27 02:04:01*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/Ali-Sabry-to-undertake-official-visit-to-Japan/56-763542)

On an invitation extended by Japanese Foreign Minister Yoko Kamikawa, Foreign Minister Ali Sabry is scheduled to undertake an official visit to Japan from 1 July.

During this visit, the Foreign Minister will engage in bilateral discussions with his Japanese counterpart which will focus on making further progress on the outcome of the latter’s official visit to Sri Lanka in May. Foreign Minister Sabry will also call on several other dignitaries including Japan’s Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshimasa Hayashi.

The Foreign Minister will be accompanied by senior officials of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Sri Lanka.



# DTNA mulls over common Tamil candidate for Presidential race

*2024-06-27 02:01:11*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/DTNA-mulls-over-common-Tamil-candidate-for-Presidential-race/56-763541)

The Democratic National Alliance (DTNA) reportedly held discussions this week about fielding a common Tamil candidate for the upcoming Presidential election. The DTNA comprises several Tamil political parties, including Crusaders for Democracy, Democratic People’s Liberation Front (DPLF), People’s Liberation Organisation of Tamil Eelam (PLOTE), Eelam People’s Revolutionary Liberation Front (EPRLF), and the Tamil Eelam Liberation Organisation (TELO). The DTNA holds opposing views to the rival Tamil National Alliance (TNA).

...



# AG clears draft Bill to amend Mediation Board Act

*2024-06-27 01:59:54*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/AG-clears-draft-Bill-to-amend-Mediation-Board-Act/56-763540)

The Cabinet of Ministers on Monday approved the publication of the draft Bill to amend the Mediation Board Act in the Government gazette and table it in Parliament for approval.

The move follows Attorney General’s clearance to the revised Bill prepared by the Legal Draftsman.

On 25 September 2023, the Cabinet of Ministers granted approval to amend Section 7 of the Mediation Board Act No. 72 of 1988 to address issues related to court appearances when mediation is not mutually agreed upon by both parties.

...



# Is South Africa to go to the R20 World Cup final?Afghanistan?

*2024-06-27 01:53:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187061)

The first semi -final between South Africa and Afghanistan will begin at 6.00 am at the Trinidad, Turupa Brayan Lara Stadium on Thursday (27).

At the same time, South Africa, who has been branded the Unfortunate Team for the eighth time, has been lucky for the loss of the two -World Cup semi -finals 7 times?Or will Afghanistan have a fortune for the first time?The answer is available on Thursday (27).

Afghanistan's journey towards the semi -finals of the R20 World Cup was wonderful despite the stumbling block.

...



# Demonstration in Kenya: 23 people die

*2024-06-27 01:49:46*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/உலக-செய்திகள்/கென்யாவில்-ஆர்ப்பாட்டம்-23-பேர்-உயிரிழப்பு/50-339504)

23 people have been killed in a clash during a demonstration in Kenya. Many people have been injured.

The demonstration was launched in protest of the new taxation bill and the controversial financial bill.

The reason for the Kenyan demonstration is the imposition of the value added tax on many essential services and goods in accordance with the new financial bill.

After passing the bill, MPs have left the secret bunker.



# Free fertilizer for paddy cultivation

*2024-06-27 01:45:22*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/நெல்-பயிர்ச்செய்கைக்கு-இலவச-உரம்/175-339503)

Minister of Agriculture and Plantation Industries Mahinda Amaraweera said that the government has decided to provide the MOP fertilizer for the next two major booms for the next two major booms.

Minister Mahinda Amaraweera said this at a media briefing held at the Presidential Media Center yesterday. As he further stated,

The Ministry of Agriculture and Plantation Industries has launched a number of programs to attract the youth community to the agriculture sector.. In this regard, all arrangements have been made to select 160 villages in the country, including the start of the youth agricultural entrepreneurs.

...



# Sri Lanka Mission in Brazil promotes trade, tourism and investment ties with State of Rio de Janeiro

*2024-06-27 01:25:19*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/Sri-Lanka-Mission-in-Brazil-promotes-trade-tourism-and-investment-ties-with-State-of-Rio-de-Janeiro/34-763539)

The Ambassador of Sri Lanka to the Federative Republic of Brazil, Sumith Dassanayake, had an official visit to Rio de Janeiro with a view to boosting trade, tourism and investment ties between Sri Lanka and the State of Rio de Janeiro which is the crypto economic hub of Brazil and the second largest economy of the country with a population of 17.5 million. The visit took place from 12 to 13 June 2024.

During the visit, Ambassador Sumith Dassanayake had a meeting with the First Vice President of the Federation of Foreign Trade Chambers of Brazil (FCCE), Marco Aurelio Kuhner, at the Chamber’s Headquarters.

...



# Seroshi awarded prestigious Eisenhower Fellowships’ Women’s Leadership 2024

*2024-06-27 01:24:28*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/Seroshi-awarded-prestigious-Eisenhower-Fellowships-Women-s-Leadership-2024/34-763538)

The Women’s International Foundation (WIF) yesterday announced that WIF Founder and Chairperson Seroshi Nandasiri has been honoured with the prestigious Eisenhower Fellowships’ 2024 Women’s Leadership Program award.

This program, now in its fourth iteration since 2010, is dedicated exclusively to connecting and empowering women leaders worldwide, preparing them for the critical role women play in addressing global challenges. Nandasiri’s selection is a testament to her impactful work and the growing influence of WIF in Sri Lanka.

...



# The proposal brought by the president will be again defeated

*2024-06-27 01:24:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187058)

The Constituent Assembly has rejected the president's idea of ​​extending the tenure of Attorney Sanjay Rajaratnam for a further six months.

It is noteworthy that 5 MPs and three MPs voted in favor of the proposal.



# JAT Holdings appoints three Directors for R&D, Marketing and Bangladesh operations

*2024-06-27 01:22:14*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/JAT-Holdings-appoints-three-Directors-for-R-D-Marketing-and-Bangladesh-operations/34-763537)

JAT Holdings PLC, has announced the appointment of three new Directors (Non Board Directors): Ajith Bandara as Director - Research and Development, Dilshan Rodrigo as Director Marketing and Shamara Wanniarachchi as Director/Country Head- Bangladesh.

These additions bring a wealth of expertise and experience to their respective domains, offering strategic support to JAT Holdings’ growth objectives and expansion plans. The Company is market leader in wood coatings and paint products and emerging regional conglomerate.

...



# Southern India participates in Industry Expo 2024 in Sri Lanka

*2024-06-27 01:17:11*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/Southern-India-participates-in-Industry-Expo-2024-in-Sri-Lanka/34-763536)

Deputy High Commissioner of Sri Lanka in Southern India, Dr. D. Venkateshwaran, led a delegation of 99 representatives from Southern India to the International Industry Expo 2024 which was held from 19 to 23 June at the Bandaranaike Memorial International Conference Hall (BMICH) in Colombo. The event was organised by the Ministry of Industries and the Industrial Development Board (IDB) with a view to fostering international business relations and promoting industrial collaboration among nations.

...



# Abraham Lincoln melted by extreme heat

*2024-06-27 01:14:02*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/உலக-செய்திகள்/கடும்-வெப்பத்தால்-உருகிய-ஆபிரகாம்-லிங்கன்/50-339502)

There is a heavy heat in the United States. Thus, the wax statue of Abraham Lincoln, the 16th president of the United States, has melted.

The head of the wax statue, which is made of a height of 6 feet, is melted and curved by the heat.

Work on repairing the damaged head of the Abraham Lincoln statue, which was placed in the open air. (A)



# President declares Sri Lanka’s successful navigation away from bankruptcy

*2024-06-27 01:11:51*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/President-declares-Sri-Lanka-s-successful-navigation-away-from-bankruptcy/56-763535)

The future does not merely belong to Ranil Wickremesinghe; it pertains to the country, to your future, and the future of our children. In just two years, without a parliamentary majority, without my appointed government officials or ministers, I successfully elevated our country from bankruptcy and economic turmoil to a position that astonished the world

Says Sri Lanka's successful restructuring of foreign debt is a good news for all who care about the country

While some are struggling for the presidency, I struggle for the nation

The child, referred to as Mother Lanka, was safely carried across the perilous vine bridge

...



# Ranasinghe  Premadasa: Sri Lanka’s Solitary non-Govigama Prime Minister and President

*2024-06-27 01:11:00*

[dbsjeyarajcom](https://dbsjeyaraj.com/dbsj/?p=84279)

India, the world’s biggest democracy, held Parliamentary elections this year in seven phases from 19 April to 1 June. 642 million persons voted in the poll. Results were announced on 4 June. The incumbent Prime Minister Narendra Modi was re-elected PM for the third time. His party the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) won 240 of 572 Lok Sabha or Parliament seats. Together with allied parties the BJP led National Democratic Alliance (NDA) obtained 293 seats in Parliament.

...



# Success in the Debt Reorganization Agreement

*2024-06-27 01:01:41*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/கடன்-மறுசீரமைப்பு-உடன்பாடு-வெற்றி/175-339501)

Sri Lanka has completed the debt restructuring talks with its prominent official bilateral credit providers in Paris yesterday morning and has reached its final compliance with the official credit providers' committee.

In addition, Sri Lanka has reached its final compliance with China's Exim Bank on debt renovation and signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU).

Along with these compliance, Sri Lanka has successfully completed its major official bilateral credit providers' credit restructuring compliance.

...



# “The people must determine whether to move forward with me, as I truly comprehend the challenges facing the country, provide practical solutions, and demonstrate tangible results, or align with groups that have yet to grasp the issues and are blindly seeking power” President  Ranil  Wickremesinghe

*2024-06-27 00:54:00*

[dbsjeyarajcom](https://dbsjeyaraj.com/dbsj/?p=84273)

(Text of  special statement delivered by  President  Ranil  Wickremesinghe on 26 June 2024)

Today marks a significant milestone in the recent history of our country, a special juncture reflecting the hard work and dedication of our efforts. Our country is now reaping the positive results of our persistent endeavours over the past years.

This morning in Paris, Sri Lanka reached a final agreement with our official bilateral creditors. Similarly, we signed another agreement with China’s Exim Bank today in Beijing. This is indeed encouraging news for those who genuinely care about our country’s welfare.

...



# Sri Lanka Finalizes Comprehensive  Debt Re-structuring Agreements with the Official Creditor Committee Co-chaired by France,Japan and India and China Exim Bank to the Combined Value of US $ 10 Billion.

*2024-06-27 00:45:00*

[dbsjeyarajcom](https://dbsjeyaraj.com/dbsj/?p=84269)

(Textr  of Press Release issued by the President’s  Media Division on 26 June 2024)

In a significant milestone for Sri Lanka’s economic revitalization efforts, the nation has successfully finalized comprehensive debt restructuring agreements with key bilateral creditors. On June 26, 2024, Sri Lanka concluded negotiations with the Official Creditor Committee (OCC) and China Exim Bank, marking pivotal strides towards stabilizing its financial footing amid recent economic challenges.

...



# Indian Fishermen Poaching in Sri Lankan Waters “Aggressively Resist”Arresr  and Seizure of Trawler by Lankan Navy;   Sailor from Navy Special Boat Squadron  Injured in Clash dies  in Jaffna Hospital

*2024-06-27 00:36:00*

[dbsjeyarajcom](https://dbsjeyaraj.com/dbsj/?p=84283)

A sailor from the Sri Lankan Navy was killed in an operation targeting Indian fishermen and their fishing vessel in the early hours of Tuesday, June 25, 2024, according to Sri Lankan authorities.

As many as 10 Indian fishermen, seven from Nagapattinam, one from Cuddalore in Tamil Nadu and two others from Andhra Pradesh were arrested on charges of illegal fishing in Sri Lankan waters, off Kankesanthurai in Jaffna peninsula. The bottom trawler they used was also apprehended.

...



# MOP fertilizer free for the next two major paddy cultivation - Minister Mahinda Amaraweera

*2024-06-27 00:35:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187057)

Minister of State for Industry and Plantation Industries Mahinda Amaraweera said that a national week will be announced to implement the Youth Agricultural Entrepreneurship Rural Program from July 01 to 07.

The Minister said that the government has decided to provide the MOP fertilizer for the paddy field for the next two biggest boys.

Minister Mahinda Amaraweera made this statement at a media briefing held at the Presidential Media Center on Wednesday (26).

...



# Let’s do it with Potatoes…

*2024-06-26 23:23:00*

[islandlk](http://island.lk/lets-do-it-with-potatoes/)

Hi! Since I haven’t given my readers any beauty tips, with the potato as the main base, I thought of bringing the potato into the scene this week.

What’s more, potatoes are freely available, so you won’t have any hassle going searching for this vegetable which is a favourite at most homes.

You will need 02 teaspoons potato juice, 02 teaspoons lemon juice and ½ teaspoon honey (optional)

Mix the potato and lemon juice and add honey to the mixture and blend well.

Apply it all over your face and neck and leave it on for 15 minutes and then wash it off with water.

...



# Major notice for passport holders

*2024-06-26 23:00:36*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/கடவுச்சீட்டு-வைத்திருப்போருக்கு-முக்கிய-அறிவிப்பு/175-339500)

It has been decided to extend the period of foreign passports that will expire from July 1.

The decision has been taken for the purpose of obtaining an electronic passport, said Harsha Ilukpitiya, Controller of Immigration and Emigration.

The Controller General said that after a valid 10 -year -old border, a further one -year period is to be issued by an electronic passport.

The Department of Immigration and Emigration is requested that the Electronic Passport distribution will be launched from November and that the ordinary foreign passports will quickly obtain the electronic passport.R



# LAUGFS Rubber triumphs at National Business Excellence Awards 2024

*2024-06-26 22:48:00*

[islandlk](http://island.lk/laugfs-rubber-triumphs-at-national-business-excellence-awards-2024/)

LAUGFS Rubber, a leading manufacturer of industrial solid tyres, has once again demonstrated its industry leadership and commitment to excellence by winning multiple accolades at the prestigious National Business Excellence Awards (NBEA) 2024.

...



# Commercial Credit and Finance secures 1st place in K Seeds Investments’ ranking report

*2024-06-26 22:47:00*

[islandlk](http://island.lk/commercial-credit-and-finance-secures-1st-place-in-k-seeds-investments-ranking-report/)

K Seeds Investments (Pvt) Ltd identified Commercial Credit and Finance PLC as the best performing finance company under the 1st category among the 28 listed finance companies in Sri Lanka through a ranking carried out based on their financial performance for the fourth quarter of 2023/24.

The report segregates the finance companies based on the size of their asset base and ranks them in their respective categories among their peers based on ten financial metrics, which are calculated from the quarterly financial statements.

...



# E. B. Creasy Solar energizes 9th Annual Construction Power and Energy Expo 2024

*2024-06-26 22:45:00*

[islandlk](http://island.lk/e-b-creasy-solar-energizes-9th-annual-construction-power-and-energy-expo-2024/)

E.B. Creasy Solar, the Renewable Energy Arm of E. B. Creasy & Co. PLC, is proud to announce its Platinum Sponsorship of the Construction Power and Energy Expo 2024, Sri Lanka’s premier event dedicated to interior products, construction, power, and energy.

...



# Knuckles Water partners with Sri Lanka Red Cross Society to provide relief

*2024-06-26 22:44:00*

[islandlk](http://island.lk/knuckles-water-partners-with-sri-lanka-red-cross-society-to-provide-relief/)

Knuckles Water, in collaboration with the Country’s Largest Humanitarian Organization, the Sri Lanka Red Cross Society (SLRCS), has taken decisive action to support communities affected by recent flooding across Sri Lanka.

...



# Flaws in debt restructuring slow down share trading

*2024-06-26 22:42:00*

[islandlk](http://island.lk/flaws-in-debt-restructuring-slow-down-share-trading/)

The stock market got off to a sluggish start yesterday because both local and foreign investors are worrying over certain flaws in the external debt restructuring exercise, stock market analysts said.

Due to deeply flawed operational frameworks, built on statistics rejecting classical economic principles and laws of nature, currencies of IMF dependent countries tend to depreciate permanently; nominal interest rates and inflation tend to be high, critics said.

...



# Responses from the people after calling the nation

*2024-06-26 22:14:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198193)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe addressed the nation this night (26).



# It is time for innovation stupid

*2024-06-26 22:13:32*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/columns/It-is-time-for-innovation-stupid/4-763520)

Sadly, we have to manage our mess and be creative and innovative in ensuring that we come out of the woods once and for all with a message to the whole world that Sri Lanka indeed can

...



# The most important day today - this is the good news;President

*2024-06-26 22:02:49*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/இன்று-மிக-முக்கியமான-நாள்-இதுதான்-அந்த-நற்செய்தி-ஜனாதிபதி/175-339487)

Sri Lanka has succeeded in reorganizing the debt and successfully completing all the presidential opportunities that have been successfully completed as the final agreement has been reached with the Official Loan Provincial Committee with the Chief Officer of Sri Lanka's major official bilateral credit issues on Wednesday morning.Wickremasinghe

The President said that the Sri Lankan mother was able to bring the Sri Lankan mother through the dangerous bridge, and that he was fighting for the right to protect the child in a difficult situation as in the drama of Hunuwatta.

...



# Notice of conducting schools tomorrow

*2024-06-26 21:49:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198192)

The Ministry of Education has announced that all government schools will be held tomorrow (27).

Meanwhile, the Chief Secretary General of the Ceylon Teachers Union Joseph Stalin said that the entire school system would be closed tomorrow after the attack on the gurum principals today (26).



# Emergency Notice issued by the Ministry of Education

*2024-06-26 21:48:28*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/கல்வி-அமைச்சு-வெளியிட்ட-அவசர-அறிவிப்பு/175-339486)

The educational activities of all state schools will take place tomorrow, according to a statement issued by the Ministry of Education.

The announcement has been made as the teachers and principals are going to carry out a daily health holiday struggle.

Meanwhile, the use of tear gas and waterproofing in front of the Colombo -Fort Station in front of the Colombo Fort Station today. Remble



# Radical right, radical left, hyper-Indianisation and re-learning Premadasa’s system-change economics

*2024-06-26 21:40:29*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/columns/Radical-right-radical-left-hyper-Indianisation-and-re-learning-Premadasa-s-system-change-economics/4-763518)

‘Archbishop of Colombo, Malcolm Cardinal Ranjith has voiced his strong criticism against the proposed Indo-Lanka land bridge project. Speaking to the media in Ruwanwella on Friday Cardinal Ranjith warned the project will endanger Sri Lanka’s sovereignty and independence. He cited historical instances of South Indian invasions where Sinhalese kings had to defend and reclaim parts of the island. He warned that such a project would lead to Sri Lanka becoming a part of Tamil Nadu…

...



# The President's resolution will be defeated

*2024-06-26 21:38:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198191)

The President has once again rejected the President's proposal to extend the term of office of Attorney General by another six months.

There have been a vote and 5 MPs have voted in favor of the proposal.



# Edu. Ministry issues notice over functioning of schools tomorrow amid strikes

*2024-06-26 21:34:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100129/edu-ministry-issues-notice-over-functioning-of-schools-tomorrow-amid-strikes)

The Ministry of Education states that all schools across the island will function as normal tomorrow (June 27).

This was communicated in a statement issued by the Ministry of Education this afternoon (26).

However, the General Secretary of the Ceylon Teachers’ Union (CTU) Joseph Stalin stated this afternoon that the teacher-principal trade unions will continue their strike action tomorrow as well, protesting against the firing of tear gas and water cannons to disperse their protest march in Colombo today.

...



# President’s proposal to extend AG’s term defeated again

*2024-06-26 21:27:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100128/presidents-proposal-to-extend-ags-term-defeated-again)

The proposal to extend Attorney General Sanjay Rajaratnam’s term by another 06 months has been defeated again at the Constitutional Council meeting today (26).

The proposal, which was submitted by President Ranil Wickremesinghe was defeated with 05 votes against it while 03 members voted in favour.



# Sri Lanka leader asks for mandate after bilateral debt deal signed

*2024-06-26 21:22:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-leader-asks-for-mandate-after-bilateral-debt-deal-signed-169767/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka’s President Ranil Wickremesinghe asked for a mandate to continue his International Monetary Fund-backed economic reforms and questioned the citizens if they will align “with those grappling in the dark”.

President Wickremesinghe’s recorded speech televised all the electronic media comes soon after the island nation declared reaching agreement with $10 billion worth debt restructuring deal in Paris and Beijing.

He reminded the people of the country’s 2022 economic crisis through visuals of queues for fuel and gas as well as power cuts and lack of fertiliser.

...



# ‘Sarvajana Balaya’ ready to launch Presidential Election campaign – Dilith Jayaweera

*2024-06-26 21:02:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100127/sarvajana-balaya-ready-to-launch-presidential-election-campaign-dilith-jayaweera)

Leader of the Mawbima Janatha Party (MJP) Dilith Jayaweera says that the ‘Sarvajana Balaya’ alliance is fully prepared to launch its Presidential Election campaign.

Speaking to the media during the inauguration of the MJP’s Galle District office, the entrepreneur expressed that the alliance ‘Sarvajana Balaya’ has emerged as the primary alternative for the people of Sri Lanka, representing the ideology of leftist nationalism.

...



# Sri Lanka bilateral debt repayments delayed till 2028: President

*2024-06-26 20:56:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-bilateral-debt-repayments-delayed-till-2028-president-169730/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Repayments 10 billion dollars of bilateral debt has been delayed till 2028, under restructuring deals reached with the Paris Club, China and India, President Ranil Wickremesinghe said.

Sri Lanka will then have until 2043 to repay the loans under concessional terms, he said in a televised address.

Reaching the agreement will end the legal barriers that friendly countries had to give new assistance to Sri Lanka, he said.

“International confidence in our country is reaffirmed as bilateral creditors have reached an agreement with us, serving as a kind of international endorsement,” President Wickremesinghe said.

...



# Sri Lanka President’s speech after bilateral debt restructuring – full text

*2024-06-26 20:54:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-presidents-speech-after-bilateral-debt-restructuring-full-text-169741/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka President Ranil Wickremesinghe made a television address to the nation on June 26 after signing bilateral debt restructuring agreements with the Paris Club, India and China.

Today marks a significant milestone in the recent history of our country, a special juncture reflecting the hard work and dedication of our efforts. Our country is now reaping the positive results of our persistent endeavours over the past years.

...



# Sri Lanka has succeeded in restructuring foreign loan-President

*2024-06-26 20:32:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187056)

Sri Lanka has succeeded in reorganizing the debt and successfully completing all the presidential opportunities that have been successfully completed as the final agreement has been reached with the Official Loan Provincial Committee with the Chief Officer of Sri Lanka's major official bilateral credit issues on Wednesday morning.Wickremasinghe

President Ranil Wickremesinghe further stated that the final agreement was reached with China's Exim Bank and that proper procedures are being carried out.

...



# Mahela resigns

*2024-06-26 20:23:14*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/sports/මහේල-ඉල්ලා-අස්වෙයි/9-410469)

Former super cricketer Mahela Jayawardene has resigned from the post as a consultant in Sri Lanka Cricket. The SLC official was officially informed today (26).

Mahela assumed duties in December 2011 and his post was effective from January 2022.

Mahela was with the team as a group of Sri Lankan team in India in 2023. However, the weak style of Sri Lanka in the tournament also caused a bulk of Mahela's post. Another Supermariter Sanath Jayasuriya became another advisor of the group in 2023.

Speaking on the role of Mahela, SLC announced that he contributed significant changes in the team's environment and high performance center.



# Kandy Perahera commences on August 5

*2024-06-26 20:10:49*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/මහනුවර-ඇසළ-පෙරහර-මංගල්‍ය-අගෝස්තු-05දා-ඇරඹෙයි/11-410468)

The Mount Kandy Perahera, Diyawadana Nilame, the Sri Dalada Maligawa, has officially declared that the Mount Kandy Perahera will be held from August 05 to 21st August.

The Nilame stated that the Perahera discussion held yesterday (26) at the Sri Dalada Maligawa yesterday (26).

The first potlight will visit the first Kap Plan Perahera of the Maha Devalaya on the 10th of August.

On the 20th of August, the Esala Paraday Perahera will be held on the 21st of the 21st of the 21st of March.

