# #SriLanka :sri_lanka: News Bulletin

<div id="news_lk_bulletin">

*Updated* **2024-07-03 20:05:18**

1. 🏏 Jevna Kings beat Dambulla Sixers by 4 wickets in the 5th Lanka Premier League.
2. 👩‍⚖️ Three new appointments made by the Governor of the Northern Province.
3. 🇯🇵 Japan welcomes Sri Lanka’s debt restructuring efforts.
4. 🏏 Jaffna Kings beat Dambulla Sikathers in a super over in the LPL cricket match.
5. 🚧 Sri Lanka port trade unions protest increase in female labor force.
6. 🏫 Sri Lanka’s teachers must be disciplined, says President Ranil Wickremesinghe.
7. 🇷🇺 Russia-India consortium to take over management of Mattala Airport soon.
8. 🇳🇱 New Dutch government sworn in after 220 days of elections.
9. 🚧 Two students die after jumping from the 67th floor of an apartment in Colombo.
10. 🇱🇰 Sri Lanka to go ahead with Russian firm to operate Mattala airport despite US advice.

</div>

[Previous](data) Bulletins

## Methodology

This bulletin has been autogenerated by MistralAI's [mistral-large-latest](https://mistral.ai/news/mistral-large/) model, with the following [prompt](src/news_lk_bulletin/core/NewsBulletin.py):

*Aggregate these news articles into 10 bullets of information that will be practically useful to ordinary Sri Lankan citizens. EXCLUDE opinions, advertisements and political messages. ANNOTATE with emojis.*

## Source News

Based on **118** News Articles, from the last **14** hours.

# Gusal Perera was in vain;Jevna Kings beat Dambulla Sixers with 4 wickets

*2024-07-03 19:13:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187622)

Former Champion Jevna Kings won the Sixers in the 4th match of the 5th Lanka Premier League held at the Pallekele International Cricket Stadium on Wednesday (03).

Jevna Kings won the last ball in the up -the -up match.

Although Kusal Janith Perera scored a century on behalf of Dambulla Sixers, half -centuries of Avishka Fernando and Sarit Asalananka was wasting it and helped Jevna Kings to win.

Dambulla Sixers scored 191 runs for the loss of only 2 wickets in 20 overs.

Through this, Gusal Perera is the pride of the first century in the Fifth Lanka Premier League Cricket Chapter.

...



# Three new appointments by the Governor of the Northern Province

*2024-07-03 19:11:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187621)

Governor of the Northern Province BSMM has appointed new authorities for the post of Commissioner of two departments for the Northern Province and the Deputy Chief Secretary of the Provincial Council.. Charles presented on Wednesday (03).

K. Kanjana has been appointed as the Commissioner of the Northern Provincial Motor Transport Department as the Commissioner of the Northern Province Department of Children's Welfare, and Mrs. A. Ezhilarasi has been appointed as the Deputy Chief Secretary of the Northern Province (Administration).

The letters for them were presented at the Governor of the Northern Province on Wednesday (03).



# Japan welcomes Sri Lanka’s debt restructuring efforts

*2024-07-03 19:07:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100275/japan-welcomes-sri-lankas-debt-restructuring-efforts)

Japanese Foreign Minister Yoko Kamikawa on Tuesday praised Sri Lanka’s recent efforts to address its economic crisis and debt restructuring, following the South Asian country’s agreement with creditor nations, according to the Japanese government.

Kamikawa met with her Sri Lankan counterpart, Ali Sabry, in Tokyo, and they agreed that their countries will further promote exchanges of human resources, according to the Japanese Foreign Ministry.

Sri Lanka announced last week it had reached a debt restructuring deal covering about $5.8 billion with creditor countries, including China, its largest bilateral lender, and Japan.

...



# JAPNA wins super

*2024-07-03 18:34:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198454)

The Dambulla Sikathers of the LPL cricket team and Jarffna beat the Dambulla Sikickers and Jarffna Kings by 4 wickets.

JAffna won the toss and elected to bat first.

Accordingly, Dambulla team scored 191 runs for the loss of seven wickets in their 20 overs.

In reply, Jaffa did scored 197 runs for the loss of 6 wickets at the end of 20 wickets.

Kusal Perera scored 102 runs for the Dambulla Team.



# Sri Lanka port trade unions protest increase in female labor force

*2024-07-03 18:30:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-port-trade-unions-protest-increase-in-female-labor-force-170719/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka’s port trade unions have protested the increase of female gantry crane operators despite the port employing only 10 females working in the role, Minister of Ports, Shipping and Aviation, Nimal Siripala De Silva said.

“I want to recruit them but these people are saying there are other people who have been working in the harbor for a long time they must be upgraded without taking ladies,” De Silva told reporters on Wednesday.

...



# Sri Lanka’s teachers must be disciplined: President

*2024-07-03 18:00:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lankas-teachers-must-be-disciplined-president-170728/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Strikes by teachers are detrimental and unjustified, and the Attorney General has been asked to propose counter-measures, Sri Lanka’s President Ranil Wickremesinghe has said.

“No one, whether directly or indirectly, should disrupt school education from 7:30 am to 1:30 pm. I have requested the Attorney General to propose measures regarding this issue,” Wickremesinghe said at a ceremony at Temple Trees on Wednesday.

...



# Russia-India consortium to take over management of Mattala Airport soon

*2024-07-03 17:50:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100274/russia-india-consortium-to-take-over-management-of-mattala-airport-soon)

The management of the financially-burdened Mattala International Airport will soon be entrusted to a joint venture between an Indian and Russian firm within the next few weeks, says Sri Lanka’s Minister of Ports, Shipping and Aviation, Nimal Siripala de Silva.

He also said that the development of the Kankesanthurai Port is progressing with assistance amounting to USD 69 million from India.

Minister de Silva further affirmed that the national carrier, SriLankan Airlines, will undergo restructuring instead of being sold.

...



# Mattala airport to Russian - India joint venture

*2024-07-03 17:45:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198453)

The management of the Mattala airport will be given to a Russian-India joint venture in the next few weeks, he said.

The Minister said that SriLankan Airlines would not be restructured and sales.

He was speaking at a press conference held at the Presidential Media Center today (03).

SriLankan Airlines Airlines can only be given to the law of Sri Lanka.. But the world's interest in it is minimal. It was only 6. We did not meet the desperate. The ability to provide the opportunity for a Sri Lankan entrepreneur, but it needs to be confirmed. "

...



# New Dutch government sworn in over 220 days after elections

*2024-07-03 17:36:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100273/-new-dutch-government-sworn-in-over-220-days-after-elections)

The new Dutch government led by new Prime Minister Dick Schoof was officially sworn in on Tuesday at the Huis ten Bosch Palace in The Hague, more than 220 days after the general elections on November 22 last year.

Following the honorable discharge of the former government, 16 new ministers and 13 state secretaries were sworn in.

The new Dutch government consists of the far-right populist Party for Freedom (PVV), the center-right party New Social Contract (NSC), the rightist People’s Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD) and the Farmer-Citizen Movement (BBB). These parties reached a coalition agreement on May 15.

...



# Two students die from an apartment in ColomboThe police are investigating the Sisiri scenes

*2024-07-03 17:35:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187613)

Police are investigating Sisirvi scenes in connection with the incident of two students jumping from the 67th floor of the apartment in Colombo.

Two students jumped from the 67th floor of the apartment at Kombani Road, Colombo yesterday.

According to police investigations, the deceased were from Wellawatte and Kelaniya and two students were studying in grade 10 at the International School.

Investigations have revealed that the two jumped from the 67th floor of the apartment and fell on the top floor of the 3rd floor.

The two have gone to the gym on the 5th floor of the apartment at the end of the school.

...



# Sri Lanka to go ahead with Russian firm to operate Mattala airport despite US advice

*2024-07-03 17:11:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-to-go-ahead-with-russian-firm-to-operate-mattala-airport-despite-us-advice-170741/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka will hand over its Chinese-built airport operations to a consortium with Indian and Russian firms, despite the United States has informed about a US sanction on the key stakeholder of Moscow firm, the island’s Aviation Minister said.

A joint venture between Shaurya Aeronautics Pvt Ltd of India and Airports of Regions Management Company of Russia has won the contract to manage Sri Lanka’s Mattala Rajapaksa International Airport for 30 years.

...



# Sri Lanka rupee closes weaker at 304.20/50 to US dollar

*2024-07-03 17:03:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-rupee-closes-weaker-at-304-20-50-to-us-dollar-170715/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka’s rupee closed weaker at 304.20/50 to the US dollar on Wednesday, down from 303.10/30 to the US dollar on Tuesday, dealers said, while bond yields were down.

A bond maturing on 15.12.2026 closed at 10.70/85 percent, down from 10.85/11.00 percent.

A bond maturing on 15.09.2029 closed at 12.00/10 percent, down from 12.10/20 percent.

A bond maturing on 01.12.2031 closed at 12.10/18 percent. (Colombo/Jul3/2024)



# The Labor Party considers that Sri Lanka has mechanisms to proceed with the International Court of Justice - the right to self -determination for Tamils ​​is essential - Like British Tamil Devina contesting the British election

*2024-07-03 17:03:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187611)

The British Labor Party, who is contesting the election on behalf of the party, said that there are mechanisms and evaluation of Sri Lanka to proceed with the International Court of Justice.

"I am realizing how much self -determination is necessary for the Tamil people," he said.

The Labor Party has always been shoulder to shoulder with Sri Lankan Tamils ​​on peace and justice.

Labor party leader Gyer Stamer, Saban Magdonak Stephen Timmy, our future Foreign Minister David Lummi and many others have been vocal on the lack of justice and responsibility for the crimes committed in Sri Lanka and the continuing tragedies.

...



# A tendency to cause kidney disease from the skin chain

*2024-07-03 16:56:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198451)

The number of people who suffer from kidney disease has increased more than the people who are used by various cream for the skin.

A press conference held at the Health Promotion Bureau this morning (03) was speaking at the National Hospital Specialist Dr. Indira Kahawita.

...



# Shuphna arrested for gateway to rape jobs in overseas supermarkets

*2024-07-03 16:54:21*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/එතෙර-සුපිරි-වෙළඳසැල්වල-රැකියා-පෙන්වා-මුදල්-ගැරූ-දෙමටගොඩ-ෂිෆ්නා-අත්අඩංගුවට/11-410592)

A woman was arrested by the Sri Lanka Foreign Employment Bureau yesterday (07) yesterday.

The Bureau's Special Investigation Division has received three complaints that a resident of Dematagoda has provided employment to the supermarkets of Dubai and Qatar.

Accordingly, the woman was arrested in the Dematagoda area and was to be produced at the Talangama Police Station last night.

...



# Ex-storekeeper arrested over theft of liquor bottles from Hulftsdorp Court

*2024-07-03 16:34:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100271/ex-storekeeper-arrested-over-theft-of-liquor-bottles-from-hulftsdorp-court)

A former storekeeper of the Hulftsdorp Court complex has been arrested by the Colombo Crimes Division (CCD) in connection with the disappearance of foreign liquor bottles worth around Rs. 20 million from the court’s storage facility.

The individual has been remanded until July 16 by the Colombo Chief Magistrate, said Ada Derana reporter.

Minister of Justice Wijeyadasa Rajapakshe had revealed this incident in the Parliament recently where he further claimed that according to the forensic report, the door of the store room had been opened with the appropriate key before the theft was committed.



# Sri Lanka stocks close down, Windforce sees foreign buying

*2024-07-03 16:27:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-stocks-close-down-windforce-sees-foreign-buying-170709/)

ECONOMYNEXT – The Colombo Stock Exchange closed down on Wednesday, data on its site showed.

The broader All Share Index closed down 0.67 percent, or 81.15 points, at 12,037; while the more liquid S&P SL20 Index closed down 0.95 percent, or 33.96 points, at 3,540.

Most of this came from Windforce Plc (Rs140mn), and the share closed up at 20.50. “There was foreign buying from a fund that was active when Sri Lanka was on a better footing,” Softlogic Stockbrokers said.

Sampath Bank Plc was one of four crossings in the day. The local to local exchange contributed Rs268n to the day’s turnover. The share closed flat at 79.00.

...



# Viranjith Thambugala receiving death threats, court told

*2024-07-03 16:21:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100270/viranjith-thambugala-receiving-death-threats-court-told-)

The attorneys representing the Chairman of Aura Lanka Viranjith Thambugala, who was arrested and remanded over allegations of financial fraud, today (03) informed the Colombo Magistrate’s Court that the businessman and his family members have received death threats after giving a statement related to the investigations being carried out against him by the Criminal Investigations Department (CID).

When the case was taken up before Colombo Additional Magistrate Pavitra Pathiraja today, the defence counsel also requested the court to issue a suitable order regarding the matter.

...



# Interim order suspension of Express Pearl case

*2024-07-03 16:03:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198450)

The Supreme Court has issued an interim order due to the Captain of the Ship and the Director of Express Pearlination in the Colombo High Court.

The Supreme Court has issued a appeal to the Director of Express Pearl, which is illegal filed by the local agency of the Express Pearl and the local agency of the Express Pearl.

This appeal petition is AHMD. The three-judge of Nawaz, Kumuduni Wickramasinghe and Priyantha Fernando considered the three-member Judge Bench.

Attorneys, Sarath Jayamanne, who appeared for the petitioner, was reported in court against the captain and the directors of the local agent.

...



# SriLankan Airlines bidders being further evaluated: Minister

*2024-07-03 16:00:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/srilankan-airlines-bidders-being-further-evaluated-minister-170702/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka’s cabinet of ministers have not yet approved a set of prequalified bidders for state-run SriLankan Airlines, Aviation Minister Nimal Siripala de Silva said.

Six parties responded to an initial expression of interest called by Sri Lanka’s State Owned Enterprises Restructuring Unit to divest the airline.

The bids are being “further evaluated,” he told reporters in Colombo Wednesday.

Sri Lanka “would like to see a Sri Lankan entrepreneur or consortium” buying into the airline but there was no firm interest, he said.

...



# No one will sabotage school education from 7.30 am to 1.30 pm

*2024-07-03 15:54:40*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/උදෑසන-7-30-සිට-දහවල්-1-30-දක්වා-කිසිවෙකුට-පාසල්-අධ්‍යාපනය-කඩාකප්පල්-කිරීමට-දෙන්නේ-නෑ/11-410591)

All who are in charge of the teaching should be sacrificed for future generations

From 7.30 am to 1.30 pm, no one will sabotage school education at 1.30 pm - heavy measures in the future.

President also requests opposition to not support these disruptive acts.

No one will be treated unfairly in promotions or teacher shifts.

President Mahinda Rajapaksa says the Teacher Transfer and Promoccess Appointment through online technology - 2159

President Ranil Wickremesinghe emphasized all those in the teaching should be dedicated to future generations and education without discipline.

...



# The 9-year-old girl who was informed of death

*2024-07-03 15:54:15*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/දන්දී-පින්-ලැබූ-තැනම-මරණය-අත්වූ-9හැවිරිදි-දැරිය/11-410590)

The 9-year-old schoolgirl, Panadura, has died in a dead injurge in the gland of Poson Both Dansala.

The deceased is that Siani Mehita, a resident of Bcakgama, Panadura, Panadura.

It is said that a dansala has been conducted to mark the Poson Poya in Panadura and the girl has fallen before the girl with his mother.

The girl who was seriously injured was admitted to the Panadura Base Hospital, hospital sources said that her condition was transferred to the Ridadway Hospital.



# Strict measures against disruption of school education – President

*2024-07-03 15:51:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100269/strict-measures-against-disruption-of-school-education-president)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe stressed the importance of those entering the teaching profession dedicating themselves to the future generation, noting that education in a country cannot thrive without discipline.

He declared that no one would be permitted to disrupt school education between 7:30 am and 1:30 pm and he has directed the Attorney General to consider further measures to ensure this, President’s Media Division reported.

“No one, whether directly or indirectly, should disrupt school education from 7.30 am to 1.30 pm. I have requested the Attorney General to propose measures regarding this issue,” he said.

...



# Suspect's suspect remanded

*2024-07-03 15:47:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198449)

The suspect arrested in connection with the missing incidents of Rs.

Recently, Justice Minister Wijayadasa Rajapaksa revealed in Parliament recently.

He added that the Analyst has revealed that the role of the rooms were opened in the room and had done the robbery.



# Shrifna arrested for allegedly visiting foreign employment dreams

*2024-07-03 15:45:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198448)

A woman was arrested by the Special Investigation Division of the Sri Lanka Bureau of Foreign Employment (SLBFE) in Dematagoda yesterday.

Section Shifna, a woman named Shifna, a resident of Dematagoda, has been given jobs in the land of Dubai and Qatar..

According to the complaints, the woman has been arrested by the investigating officers.

The arrested suspect is due to be produced before the Maligakanda Magistrate's Court today (03) after being detention of the Talangama Police Station at night.



# Wirakingi demands threatened

*2024-07-03 15:30:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198447)

His lawyers have informed the Magistrate's Court today that the Criminal Investigations Department (CID and his family members) have been threatened with death.

The complaint was called before Colombo Additional Magistrate Pavithra Pavithra Pavithra Pathiraja.

The court also asked the court to issue appropriate order in this regard.

After considering the following, the magistrate said he would issue an order on the 10th.



# Death

*2024-07-03 15:24:49*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/கருவாடு-சொதியில்-விழுந்த-சிறுமி-மரணம்/175-339823)

Panadura Southern Police said that the schoolgirl (09) died after being treated after being treated for the role of the karuwadu property.

The deceased is Shayani Medumsa, a resident of Panadura, Bekkagama.

On the 23rd of this month, the girl fell into the role of the girl while staying there with her mother.

The injured girl was admitted to the Panadura Resource Hospital and was transferred to the Lady Ridgeway Hospital in Colombo as her condition was worrisome.. However, he died without treatment.



# Sri Lanka Treasuries yields steady across maturities

*2024-07-03 15:23:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-treasuries-yields-steady-across-maturities-170695/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka’s Treasuries yields were steady across maturities at Wednesday’s auction, with 175 billion rupees sold of the offered 190.

The three-month yield was unchanged at 10.07 percent, with 65.3 billion rupees of bills sold after offering 50 billion.

The six-month yield was unchanged at 10.19 percent, with 73.6 billion rupees raised after offering 90 billion.

The 12-month yield was unchanged at 10.31 percent with 36.6 billion rupees of bills sold after offering 50 billion.



# Thirumalai on the 7th of Sampanthan's funeral: Many tribute to Parliament today

*2024-07-03 15:21:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187594)

Senior Leader of the Sri Lanka Tamil National Party and Trincomalee District Parliamentarian Rajavarothayam Sambandan will be held at the Hindu Cemetery on Sunday, the 07th of this month.

Meanwhile, Sampanthan's funeral has been placed in the Borella AF Remant Flower at Borella from Tuesday (02) morning (3) afternoon.

The public, including ministers, parliamentarians, politicians and embassy officials, paid tribute to the Annaru Buddha.

Meanwhile, Jaffna is one of the schools where Sampanthan studied. The Colombo Branch of St. Patriarch's College's Alumni Association paid tribute to Annar's funeral.

...



# Amass

*2024-07-03 15:20:31*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/மலையகம்/ஆண்களை-தேடித்தேடி-கொட்டிய-குளவி/76-339821)

The incident took place at 10 am on Wednesday (03) at the Bogawantalawa Hospital.

Workers from the Bogawantalawa Gergaswold Estate Estate Estate were the target of the wasp.

The workers have been admitted to the hospital and returned home, hospital sources said.



# Any attempt to delay the presidential election should be stopped immediately - Sarath Fonseka's outrage

*2024-07-03 15:18:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187602)

Sarath Fonseka, a former Member of Parliament of the United People's Power, has strongly opposed the attempt to delay the presidential election.

A businessman has filed a petition in the Supreme Court demanding that the president be explained on the basis of the constitution.

In his petition, the court appealed to the court to clarify the president's term.

He said that any attempt to delay the scheduled presidential election between September 17 2024 and October 16 should be stopped immediately.. He said that the people of Sri Lanka are enjoying the greats of the world.

...



# Girl killed in Dansale

*2024-07-03 15:16:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198446)

A 9-year-old schoolgirl, who was receiving treatment at the Ridgeway Hospital, Colombo has been receiving treatment at the Ridgeway Children's Hospital in Colombo.

The deceased has been identified as Siani Memond, Panadura, Panadura.

On Thursday, a rice dansala was held on Thursday to mark the Poson Poya.

The girl who was seriously injured were admitted to the Panadura Base Hospital, she was transferred to the Lady Ridgeway Children's Hospital as her condition was serious.

The girl had died while receiving treatment at the Lady Ridgeway Lady Children's Hospital in Colombo.



# Divorce in Jaffna in the name of couple living abroad

*2024-07-03 15:14:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187567)

Police are searching for a lawyer's office at the Attorney General's office as the court is investigating the divorce in Jaffna in the name of a couple living abroad.

Two people from Jaffna are married and live in Italy. Between them, a few years ago, the two were separated in Italy.

In this case, the husband told her sister, who lives in Chavakachcheri, has asked her to take a divorce in Jaffna and get a divorce.

The sister then sought a female lawyer in Jaffna and asked for a divorce in Jaffna for a couple abroad.

...



# The teaser release of 'Aryamala' starring actress Manisha

*2024-07-03 15:05:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187589)

Actor r. S.. Karthi - Actress Manisha has been released as the hero and heroine of the film 'Aryamala'. This is the producer and director C. V.. Kumar has released and congratulated the film crew.

Directed by director James Yuvan in the movie 'Aryamala'. S.. Karthi, Manisha and the late actor Marimuthu are playing the role.

Jaishankar Ramalingam has composed the film for the film.. The film, which is being adapted for the actual incident in Tamil Nadu in 1982, has been co -produced by SBR Cinemas & Jana Jai ​​Joy Movies and Cable Shankar Entertainment.

...



# Today's currency exchange rate

*2024-07-03 14:55:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187598)

Tuesday (July 02), the US purchasing price of the US dollar was recorded at Rs 298.7262 and the sales price at Rs.



# Nonsense. Publication Date of Parthiban's 'Teens'

*2024-07-03 14:55:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187597)

Ira not keeping the attention of the fans on the novelty. The release date of Parthiban's 'Teens' has been officially announced.

National Award -winning Director. Amruta, Azmita, John Pasco, Deepan, Deepan, Frankstain, Krithika Iyer, Rachita, Rashita, Rishi Ratnavale, Roshi Ratnavel, Roshan, Silvenston and Vishrutha are the newcomers.

Cvemic Are is a cinematography by T.. Iman has composed music. The film is being focused on the adventure and on behalf of the Bioscopic USA and Akira Productions Pvt.. Parthiban has co -produced.

...



# Dr. Bellana also joined the UNP

*2024-07-03 14:22:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187590)

Deputy Director of the Colombo National Hospital, Dr. Rukshan Bellana has joined the United National Party.

Dr. Rukshan Bellana has been appointed as the organizer of the Northern Colombo constituency on Tuesday (02).



# 4 fishing bodies and 5 dowland son will be brought to Tangalle Port

*2024-07-03 14:04:57*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/ධීවර-සිරුරු-4-හා-ඩොවෝන්-පුතා-5-යාත්‍රාව-තංගල්ල-වරායට-රැගෙන-එයි/11-410589)

The two fishermen whose four fishermen were killed in a bottle of a bottle of a bottle of the sea were enrolled at Tangalle Fisheries Harbor at around 7.30 am.

The Devown Son 3 The demon son of the 5 deposit of the deposit of the deposits was drawn with a rope.

Tangalle Magistrate Shamula Atone (03) was taken to the Tangalle Fisheries Harbor.

The Magistrate ordered the Tangalle Police Heathana Police to conduct post mortem and submitting reports to court.



# Pawning centre employee cheats over Rs. 19.6 million using imitation gold jewellery

*2024-07-03 13:54:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100268/pawning-centre-employee-cheats-over-rs-196-million-using-imitation-gold-jewellery-)

Police have apprehended an employee of the gold jewellery pawning section of a private financial institution in Badulla who is accused of cheating over Rs. 19.6 million by replacing real gold jewellery with imitation jewellery.

Following an investigation carried out by the Special Crime Unit of the Badulla Police Division, the employee of the gold pawning section of a private financial institution in Badulla was arrested.

Police have launched an investigation into the incident following a complaint lodged by the said financial institution’s manager.

...



# Bodies of fishermen who died after drinking from bottle found in sea brought to Tangalle

*2024-07-03 13:43:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100267/bodies-of-fishermen-who-died-after-drinking-from-bottle-found-in-sea-brought-to-tangalle)

The bodies of four fishermen, who died after consuming the contents of a bottle they found floating in the sea assuming it was liquor, were brought to the Tangalle fisheries harbour this morning (03).

The fishing vessel “Devon 05,” which had also suffered a mechanical failure, was towed to the Tangalle Fisheries Harbour by another vessel.

According to Tangalle police, the bodies were kept on the vessel pending the arrival of the magistrate for a magisterial inquest.

Following the magistrate’s inquiry, the bodies will be transferred to Tangalle Hospital for the post-mortem examinations.



# President to march at teachers

*2024-07-03 13:35:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198445)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe says he has requested the Attorney General's advice on the steps to be taken against people who directly or indirectly to sabotage their education during school studies.

Addressing a ceremony to provide teacher appointments at Temple Trees this morning, the President said he would not allow sabotage.

...



# Kahadason for Vacant Member of Sambandan

*2024-07-03 13:26:48*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/සම්බන්දන්-ගේ-වියොවින්-පුරප්පාඩු-වූ-මන්ත්‍රී-ධුරයට-කුහදාසන්/11-410588)

Due to the death of the Tamil National Alliance (Thilaya District Parliamentarian) as the death of the Tamil National Alliance (Thilar National Alliance) has been elected vacant parliamentary seat in the NIC.

Khambadson, who serves as the Chairman of the TNA, serves 2020 preferential votes in the TNA.

According to the Parliamentary Electoral Act, the Elections Commission issued the gazette notification for this appointment on the powers vested with the Elections Commission.



# Deputy Assistant Secretary of Asia to Asia, US Treasury

*2024-07-03 13:26:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187584)

The US Treasury Assistant Secretary of Asia, Robert Caprooth and US Ambassador Julie Chang, have met with economic, political leaders and government officials in the country this week.

Accordingly, Finance Minister Sehan Semasinghe, Power and Power Minister Kanjana Wijesekera, Central Bank Governor Dr. Nandalal Weerasinghe and government officials have met with government officials.

Economic, political leaders and government officials in Sri Lanka met with the Deputy Assistant Secretary of Asia of the US Treasury this week.

During this time, they discussed the continuous progress of implementing the International Monetary Fund project.

...



# Tragedy of the Super Housing Complex - Testing through CCTV

*2024-07-03 13:08:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198444)

A 15 year old girl and a boy are currently underway to die at the 67th floor of the Altable Luxury Apartment Complex in Slave Island.

The two were in the same class of the 10th grade of Colombo International School.

The police investigations revealed that they had a romantic relationship.

The student and student arrived at the Bodyhouse Center at the fifth floor of the luxury apartment complex yesterday.

They have changed clothes and removed their bags and left their bags in the center and left the 67th floor.

The police then downgrade the police that they had passed away from the ground and had committed suicide.

...



# Handicrafts of the world's first robot victims from South Korea

*2024-07-03 13:02:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198443)

Foreign media reports that a robot machine in South Korea has committed suicide.

The suicide has been committed to about a year, a robot engaged in the Gummy Municipal Council of Korea for about a year.

The disabled robot worker was found while falling in a robe that was tall.

The city authorities have said that the robot had spinned before the stairs.

Gomi's residents had condemned the sake of suicide.

The South Korean media has reported this to the first robotic suicide in the country.



# Petition

*2024-07-03 12:54:41*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/ஜனாதிபதித்-தேர்தலுக்கு-தடை-கோரி-மனு/175-339814)

A petition was filed in the Supreme Court on Wednesday (03) demanding clarification on President Ranil Wickremesinghe's tenure.. The petition filed by the Supreme Court has been asked to clarify the term of President Ranil Wickremesinghe in accordance with the Constitution.

The petitioner has called for an interim ban on holding the next presidential election until the Supreme Court clarifies the current president's term.



# Petition

*2024-07-03 12:54:41*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/பிரசித்த-செய்தி/ஜனாதிபதித்-தேர்தலுக்கு-தடை-கோரி-மனு/150-339814)

A petition was filed in the Supreme Court on Wednesday (03) demanding clarification on President Ranil Wickremesinghe's tenure.. The petition filed by the Supreme Court has been asked to clarify the term of President Ranil Wickremesinghe in accordance with the Constitution.

The petitioner has called for an interim ban on holding the next presidential election until the Supreme Court clarifies the current president's term.



# Mahinda Kahanthawela joined the UNP

*2024-07-03 12:41:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187577)

Former Colombo Municipal Council member Mahinda Kahanthawela has joined the United National Party (UNP).

Kahanthawela has been appointed as the organizer of the Central Colombo constituency. In this case, President Ranil Wickremesinghe has promised his support.



# LIOC begins retailing 100 octane petrol in Sri Lanka

*2024-07-03 12:34:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/lioc-begins-retailing-100-octane-petrol-in-sri-lanka-170679/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Lanka Indian Oil Company began selling a 100 octane premium petrol product in the Sri Lanka market on Tuesday, the island nation’s Minister of Power and Energy said.

Chairman of Lanka IOC and the senior management met the minister earlier this week.

“We discussed the development plans of the retail outlet network of LIOC, tank farm development, lubricant market, fuel pricing formula and the proposed oil pipeline between India and Sri Lanka,” Kanchana Wijesekera said on X (twitter).

After this month’s price revision, octane 92 petrol sells at 344 rupees a litre, and octane 95 petrol was at 379 rupees.

...



# Japan praises Sri Lanka's initiatives in completing debt

*2024-07-03 12:26:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187570)

Japanese Foreign Minister Yogo Kamikawa has praised the measures taken in Sri Lanka in the process of dealing with the economic crisis and fulfilling the debt processing process.

Foreign Minister Ali Sabri made an official visit to Japan on Monday (1) at the invitation of Japanese Foreign Minister Yogo Kamikawa.

Accordingly, a bilateral meeting with Japanese Foreign Minister Yogo Kamika was held in Tokyo on Tuesday (02).

During the meeting, the Japanese Foreign Minister has expressed his appreciation for the recent actions taken by Sri Lanka in the process of dealing with the economic crisis and fulfilling the debt processing process.

...



# ‘Harak Kata’ produced at Colombo HC amidst tight security

*2024-07-03 12:17:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100266/harak-kata-produced-at-colombo-hc-amidst-tight-security)

The Colombo High Court has ordered for the case filed against three defendants, including the notorious criminal figure and drug trafficker Nadun Chinthaka alias ‘Harak Kata,’ over his failed escape attempt from the Criminal Investigation Department (CID), to be called for pre-trial conference on July 29.

The case was taken up today (03) before Colombo High Court Judge Damith Thotawatta.

At that time, the accused ‘Harak Kata’ was produced before the court amidst tight security.

After considering all the facts presented, the judge fixed the case for further pre-trial conference on July 29.



# Sri Lanka’s election laws still in force as LG polls not finished: EC

*2024-07-03 12:16:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lankas-election-laws-still-in-force-as-lg-polls-not-finished-ec-170667/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka’s election laws are still in force and all should abide the law, the island nation Election Commission (EC) said amid many political parties and their candidates in the run up to presidential poll have started distributing handouts to voters.

The election laws came to in effect after the Election Commission declared Local Government (LG) polls in January last year.

That election was postponed twice, but yet to be scheduled or cancelled.

The EC said in statement that the election laws that have come to in effect are still in force as per to the country’s constitution because the LG polls have not been held yet.

...



# FR petition filed to prevent calling of Presidential Election

*2024-07-03 12:13:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100265/fr-petition-filed-to-prevent-calling-of-presidential-election-)

A businessman has filed a fundamental rights (FR) petition seeking an order preventing the calling of a Presidential Election until the Supreme Court delivers its interpretation on the date of the presidential poll, Ada Derana reporter said.

The petition was filed by an entrepreneur named C.D. Lenawa.

The petition requests that an interim order be issued to prevent the holding of the presidential election within the currently scheduled period until the court delivers its interpretation on the date of the next presidential election.



# Land scam belonging to someone living abroad

*2024-07-03 12:09:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187562)

The sister has been arrested by the police for impersonating and transformed into a land owned by a resident of a living abroad.

A man from Jaffna migrates and lives abroad. He had given his land to his landlord. In this case, the land owner's own sister has defrauded the right to get the assurance from the one -sided sister.

Police investigated a complaint lodged with a group led by Gunarojan, the Jaffna District Criminal Investigation Division.. Another woman was also arrested for helping her impersonation.

...



# More than 3 thousand people die of suicide every year

*2024-07-03 12:06:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187571)

The statistics have been released by the Ministry of Health during the National Injury Prevention Week, which will be observed from July 1 to 5.

Health officials have emphasized that suicides are a significant public health challenge, emphasizing the urgent need for advanced mental health support services, social awareness programs and suicide prevention strategies to fight this dangerous course.



# Petition to the Supreme Court regarding the term of President

*2024-07-03 12:06:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198442)

The term of office of the present president has come forward to interpret the Supreme Court as per the Constitution.

The delegation petition has been submitted, a entrepreneur, CD. By Mr. Leena.

The petition further requested to issue an interim order in the presidential election until the next presidential election is interpreted by the next Presidential Election.



# $ 5 billion to Sri Lanka at next three years

*2024-07-03 12:02:51*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/ඉදිරි-වසර-තුනේදී-ලංකාවට-ඩොලර්-බිලියන-5ක-වාසියක්/11-410587)

State Minister Shehan Semasinghe said that all uncertainties had already left Sri Lanka's debt currency.

The international community has seen optimism in Sri Lanka's credit but refused to see it optimistic for political purposes, some of the parties in Sri Lanka.

State Minister of State Shehan Semasinghe made this statement participating at a press conference held at the Presidential Media Center.

...



# Sri Lanka to enlist help of army, navy for deep-sea diving tourists

*2024-07-03 11:59:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-to-enlist-help-of-army-navy-for-deep-sea-diving-tourists-170664/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka is planning to enlist the help of the military to help boost deep-sea diving for tourists, Chairman of the Sri Lanka Tourism Promotion Bureau, Chalaka Gajabahu said.

“We are talking to the associations in that area and we also plan on enlisting the help of the Army and Navy,” Gajabahu told EconomyNext on 2nd July.

Tri forces (army, navy, air force) and police account for nearly 30 percent of the country’s total state sector employees. Sri Lanka had a large number of military personnel when it ended a 26-year civil war in 2009.

“We plan on focusing on water sports such as surfing and diving.”

...



# Teaching positions in national schools awarded to over 1,700 graduates

*2024-07-03 11:47:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100264/teaching-positions-in-national-schools-awarded-to-over-1700-graduates)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe presided over the appointment ceremony at Temple Trees this morning (03), where 60 individuals were appointed to Grade III general employee positions in the Sri Lanka Education Administration Service.

Additionally, teaching positions in national schools were awarded to 1,706 graduates and 453 English diploma holders, according to the President’s Media Division (PMD).

Addressing the event, President Wickremesinghe stressed the importance of those entering the teaching profession dedicating themselves to the future generation, noting that education in a country cannot thrive without discipline.

...



# Kahanthawela joined the UNP

*2024-07-03 11:44:45*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/ஐ-தே-கவில்-இணைந்தார்-கஹந்தவெல/175-339812)

Mahinda Kahanthawela, a former member of the Sri Lanka PA's Colombo Municipal Council, has joined the United National Party and has pledged his support to the current President Ranil Wickremesinghe.



# A student who refuses to go to school due to the teacher attacked;The incident in Mullaithivu

*2024-07-03 11:43:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187572)

It is alleged that the student was refusing to go to school as a teacher attacked the head of a quality student in a school under the Mullaitivu Educational Zone.

On the 19th, a school student was attacked by a teacher's head.

In this case, the parents were refused to go to school, but the parents were informed that they were talking to the teacher of the Chancellor, even though the parents were trying to meet with the teacher who was involved in the incident.

However, the Mullaitivu police have informed the Mullaitivu police about the matter and the teacher did not discuss the incident.

...



# President's new appointments

*2024-07-03 11:41:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198441)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe was chaired by President Ranil Wickremesinghe.

The General of the Meeting Unit said that the ceremony had begun at Temple Trees a short while ago.

In addition to these appointments, 1,706 graduates and 453 English diploma holders have been given teachers' appointees.



# In the middle of a heavy defense to beef court

*2024-07-03 11:25:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198440)

The Colombo High School was prescribed by the Criminal Investigation Department (CID) was a strong drug dealer, including Senior Drug Trafficking against three defendants. July 29, Colombo.

The case was called before Colombo High Court Judge Timith Thotawatte.

The beef has been produced in court in the middle of the heavy security measures.

After considering all the facts that, the judge also prescribed the previous pre-trial conference on July 29.



# Boat to Tangalle

*2024-07-03 11:17:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198439)

The bodies of the four fishermen of the five "Dovon 05" fishermen were brought to the Tangalle Fisheries Harbor.

The sailway carrying the bodies were brought to Tangalle Fisheries Harbor today (03).

The vessel of the industrial fault has been brought to Tangalle Fisheries Harbor using another vessel.

The body has been placed on the vessel until the magisterial inquiry into the magisterial inquiry into the bodies.

The dead bodies will be taken to the Tangalle Hospital for the post mortem examination following the magisterial inquiry.



# One dead, 3 hospitalised as boat capsizes off Kayts

*2024-07-03 11:02:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100263/one-dead-3-hospitalised-as-boat-capsizes-off-kayts)

One person has drowned while another 3 individuals have been hospitalised after a boat capsized last night (02) near the Kurikadduwan Jetty, in Kayts.

Police stated that the incident had occurred when the boat capsized while transporting rocks to Nainathivu.

A total of 4 persons were onboard the boat at the time of the incident and one of them had drowned, said the police.

The other three persons were rescued by residents in the area and have been admitted to the hospital for treatment.

...



# Court order on Namal Karunaratne and others over planned protest

*2024-07-03 11:00:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100262/court-order-on-namal-karunaratne-and-others-over-planned-protest-)

The Maligakanda Magistrate’s court has issued an order prohibiting Namal Karunaratne of the All Ceylon Agrarian Federation and others from conducting any protest demonstrations and marches while inconveniencing the public using the roads and pavements at several locations in Colombo.

Accordingly, these locations named in the court order include the roads from Technical Junction, Deans Road, Ibbanwala Junction, and Gamini Hall Junction etc.



# Death toll of stampede at Hindu congregation in India rises to 121

*2024-07-03 10:57:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100260/death-toll-of-stampede-at-hindu-congregation-in-india-rises-to-121)

The death toll from a stampede at a Hindu religious congregation in northern India has risen to 121, news agency ANI reported on Wednesday, where a police report said the number of people present was more than triple the permitted capacity.

The stampede on Tuesday was at the religious event in a village in Hathras district of Uttar Pradesh state, about 200 km (125 miles) southeast of New Delhi, where police had given permission for 80,000 people to gather, according to the document, the first information report.

Around 250,000 people attended the event, according to the police report reviewed by Reuters.

...



# Divorce without: problem with female lawyer

*2024-07-03 10:46:31*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/யாழ்ப்பாணம்/இல்லாமல்-விவாகரத்து-பெண்-சட்டத்தரணிக்கு-சிக்கல்/71-339804)

Police were searching for the lawyer's office, accused of divorce in Jaffna in the name of a couple living abroad.

Two people from Jaffna are married and live in Italy. Between them, a few years ago, the two were separated in Italy.

The man has told his sister who lives in Chavakachcheri in Chavakachcheri to take steps to apply for a divorce in Jaffna and get a divorce.

The sister then sought a female lawyer in Jaffna and asked for a divorce in Jaffna for a couple abroad.

...



# Two court order ordered against protesters

*2024-07-03 10:44:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198437)

Namal Karunaratne has issued an order against a group of protesters and a group of protesters.

The Regulations issued by the Fort Magistrate's Court and the Maligakanda Magistrate's Court regarding a protest in Colombo today (03).

These orders were issued with the protest of the Ceylon Agrarian Association including the Ceylon Agrarian Association.

...



# Billions of jewelery racket

*2024-07-03 10:34:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198436)

A person has been arrested for a fraudulent person with fake gold.

The racket was arrested by the Badulla Police Divisional Secretariat Division regarding the racket of the gold items sector in Badulla.

According to a complaint made by the manager of the private financial institution, the police have investigated.

Investigations carried out on the suspect's statement have been found in possession of 41 pseudo-jewelery, the gathering, rings, rings, and pendents used for this fraud.

...



# Surveyed to Sri Lanka to make a gift from the gift to a noble gift

*2024-07-03 10:32:00*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/picture_story/තෑග්ගෙන්-තෑග්ග-උතුම්-තෑග්ගක්-කිරිමට-ලංකාවට-ආපු-සනුහක්/10-410586)

Sri Lankan moved to US visitors from President Joe Biden to the Government of Sri Lanka and the Dearing Warranty in Sri Lanka and Elevators, especially poor schoolchildren, arrived at the Katunayake Airport on 07/02.

Sri Lanka's biggest cash prize to the poor, the largest cash prize to the devotees of Sri Lanka and especially poor school children who have received the participation of the 50-state competitors in the United States.Happened.

US President Joe Biden has awarded a gold award for the help of the Pinnawala's help and care for the helpless people in the world.

...



# Presidential Election: An inter-order to impose an interim order for the order of term, a fundamental rights petition for the Supreme Court

*2024-07-03 10:25:52*

[bbccomsinhala](https://www.bbc.com/sinhala/articles/c3gdx3ydzv8o)

Presidential Election: An inter-order to impose an interim order for the order of term, a fundamental rights petition for the Supreme Court

The President has filed a fundamental rights petition in the Supreme Court to issue an interim order to issue an interim order for the Presidential Election to issue an interim order for the Presidential Election.

CD, an entrepreneur, a resident of Moratuwa. The petition has been presented by the Lev.

As the respondents, the Elections Commission, the members of the Elections Commission, the Chairman and the Attorney General have been named.

...



# 26 tourist attractions to be developed

*2024-07-03 10:22:37*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/සංචාරක-ආකර්ෂණීය-වෙරළ-කලාප-26ක්-සංවර්ධනය-කෙරේ/11-410585)

26 identified tourist attractions to be developed in this year. Urban Development and Housing Minister Prasanna Ranatunga says that the preparation of fundamental creations and structures to develop the 26 coastal zones.

The Department of Urban Development Authority and the Coast Conservation and Coastal Resources Management Department implements it.

...



# The robot made life

*2024-07-03 10:20:42*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/உலக-செய்திகள்/உயிரை-மாய்த்தது-ரோபோ/50-339800)

South Korea has been reported in the world for the first time in the world to live a robot.

The media has reported that the robot who served as a civil servant in South Korea's Kumi Urban Council has committed suicide.

Kumi city officials said that the body of the robot, who was in the process of carrying the documents of the city council, was lying between the first and second sites of the building and the robot had spinned before the stairs.

Residents of Kumi have condoled the robot and city officials have taken the body of the robot for investigations, according to the media.

...



# Life

*2024-07-03 10:20:42*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/உலக-செய்திகள்/உயிரை-மாய்த்துக்கொண்ட-ரோபோ/50-339800)

South Korea has been reported in the world for the first time in the world to live a robot.

The media has reported that the robot who served as a civil servant in South Korea's Kumi Urban Council has committed suicide.

Kumi city officials said that the body of the robot, who was in the process of carrying the documents of the city council, was lying between the first and second sites of the building and the robot had spinned before the stairs.

Residents of Kumi have condoled the robot and city officials have taken the body of the robot for investigations, according to the media.

...



# SLPP’s condition to consider Ranil as presidential candidate

*2024-07-03 10:17:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100259/slpps-condition-to-consider-ranil-as-presidential-candidate)

SLPP General Secretary Sagara Kariyawasam says that if President Ranil Wickremesinghe resigns from the United National Party (UNP) and joins the Sri Lanka Podujana Peramuna (SLPP), the party may consider him for the presidential candidacy.

He made this statement while speaking to the media following a discussion at the SLPP headquarters.

Kariyawasam stated, “Regarding the next presidential election, we have not presented a specific candidate yet. We will nominate the right candidate at the appropriate time, who will contest under the ‘floewer bud’ symbol.”

...



# Banny Puri

*2024-07-03 10:13:06*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/பானி-பூரிக்கு-தடை/175-339798)

When testing the quality of Pani Puri, it is shocking that the artificial pigments are responsible for cancer.

In Karnataka a few months ago, Gopi Manjurian, Kapab and Panchu Candy were banned from mixing artificial colors that harm the body. Following this, there were complaints from the state food industry that the artificial pigments and chemicals were mixed in Bani Puri.

...



# Religious congestion: 134 killed

*2024-07-03 10:06:31*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/சமய-வைபவத்தில்-நெரிசல்-134-பேர்-பலி/175-339797)

The number of casualties in Uttar Pradesh Hadrus has increased to 134. The reason for this is that Baba is in hiding. Police are searching for him.

The tragedy that rocked the country took place on Tuesday (02) in Hadrus district on the western part of UP.

A spiritual meeting was held in Mughalkadi village of Sikandararao taluk of Hadrus district. It was conducted by Saccar Narayan Sagar Vishwa Hari. There have been many shocking reports about the accident, as the number of victims of congestion has increased to 134.

...



# Here are the groups coming to the LPL

*2024-07-03 10:00:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198435)

The match between the Dambulla Sixers Troatch and Jarffna Kings team will be held today (03).

Meanwhile, Colombo Strikers team and the Gall Malas Group is scheduled to start at 7.30 pm at Pallekele Stadium, Kandy.

Meanwhile, Colombo Strikers were killed by 51 runs in the Ceylon Premier League cricket yesterday (02).

The third match of the Lanka Premier League cricket series was held last night.

The Colombo team invited the Colombo team to win the benefit of the coin.

Accordingly, the first two wickets in the Colombo Streylyners team were in the tip of 20 runs.

Sageera Samarawickrema and Muamaad Wasim Lawn a 78 runs for the Colombo team.

...



# Kuhadasan nominated to fill Sampanthan’s MP seat

*2024-07-03 09:43:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100258/kuhadasan-nominated-to-fill-sampanthans-mp-seat)

Kathiravelu Sanmugam Kuhadasan has been nominated to fill the parliamentary seat left vacant following the passing of former TNA leader Rajavarothiam Sampanthan.

According to the Election Commission, Kuhadasan will represent the Trincomalee electoral division in the 9th Parliament.

The relevant gazette notification has been issued confirming his appointment.

Meanwhile, the remains of the late R. Sampanthan currently lie at a private funeral parlour in Colombo and will remain there until noon today (03).

...



# A student and student commits suicide by jumping from the Ultar building

*2024-07-03 09:39:45*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/අල්ටෙයාර්-ගොඩනැගිල්ලෙන්-පැන-ජාත්‍යන්තර-පාසලක-සිදුවෙක්-හා-සිසුවියක්-දිවි-නසා-ගනියි/11-410584)

The Slave Island has committed suicide, a 15-year-old student and 67-year-old student at the Cinnamon International School in Colombo.

The deceased has been identified as a student of Wellawatte and Kelaniya and a student.

Police investigations have revealed that the victim and the student was in the same class of the student.

Later, they had together to a party. Investigations have revealed that the 67th floor of the luxury flats had fallen into the 3rd floor

Investigations are conducted on the instructions of Slave Island Police OIC Chief Inspector Kapila Vijayamamanna



# Fatal accidents that have been killed

*2024-07-03 09:39:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198434)

Three people were killed in the accidents in several parts of the island.

Police said that the 57-year-old residents of the Boheweeragollegoda area have died after being removed from the cabinigollewa road.

Another person has been killed in a motorcycle collision in the Rambewa area on the Colombo road on the route of the Hettipola road.

Meanwhile, a pavement woman who was traveling on the road in the Uzwewaia road in Negombo road has died of a lorry.

The victim was a 71 year old resident of Pamunugama and the lorry driver has been arrested in connection with the accident.



# Shanmugam Kukadasan is a Member of Parliament;Gazette release

*2024-07-03 09:39:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187555)

The name of Shanmugam Kukadasan, the Senior Leader of the Tamil National Alliance (TNA) and the Member of Parliament, Amarar R. Sampanthan, is now in the vicinity of Shanmugam Kukadasan.

Shanmugam Kukadasan contested the Trincomalee district in the 2020 parliamentary election on behalf of the Sri Lanka Tamil National Alliance (TNA).

In that election, he had received the highest number of votes after the late leader of the Sri Lanka Tamil National Alliance (TNA).

Shanmugam Kukadasan is expected to swear as a Member of Parliament in the Parliament of Sri Lanka in the next few days.



# Man dies after boat falls

*2024-07-03 09:34:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198433)

One person was killed after a boat was near the Kayts Kandattawan jetty.

Police said that the accident had occurred when the boat was transported to Nagadeepa Island.

Four persons on the boat were traveling at the time of the accident and one of them died.

The other three persons have rescued the locals and hospitalized.

The deceased has been identified as a 42 year old resident of Pankuddhav, and the body has been placed at the Jaffna Hospital for postmortem examination.



# Robbon commits suicide - South Korea looks for the cause

*2024-07-03 09:32:36*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/technology/රොබෝවෙක්-දිවි-නසා-ගනියි----දකුණු-කොරියාව-හේතුව-සොයයි/5-410583)

South Korean media reports that a robone who supported a central Korea Urban Council. South Korea has also launched an investigation into the incident.

The robot, which was employed in a year in the city of Gumi's Urban Council, had been inclined in the countryside last week.

The Municipal Council officer has said that the robot is going to be tested to disclose the circumstances of the robot before this incident.

"The robot's parts were collected and the company that created it will analyze the event," said the officer added.

The robot produced by the Bear Robotics of California from 9 am to 6 pm.

...



# Sri Lanka rupee opens stronger at 303.00/50 to US dollar

*2024-07-03 09:32:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-rupee-opens-stronger-at-303-00-50-to-us-dollar-170648/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka’s rupee opened stronger at 303.00/50 to the US dollar on Wednesday, while bond yields were broadly steady, and stocks opened 0.03 percent up, dealers said.

A bond maturing on 15.12.2026 was quoted at 10.80/95 percent, up 10.85/11.00 percent.

A bond maturing on 15.03.2028 was quoted at 11.90/12.00 percent.

A bond maturing on 15.09.2029 was quoted stable at 12.10/20 percent.

A bond maturing on 15.05.2030 was quoted at 12.15/40 percent.

In equities, Colombo’s All Share Price Index opened 3.56 points higher at 12,121, while the S&P SL20 of more liquid stocks opened up at 0.17 percent or 6.02 points to 3,580.



# Fire at a series of apartments in Etiyantota;Two people die!

*2024-07-03 09:11:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187553)

Two persons were killed in a fire in a residential area of ​​Pallegama area, which belongs to the Etiyanthota police division, police said.

The fire broke out in the early hours of Wednesday (03) and three persons have been damaged, police said.

A 60 -year -old man and a 50 -year -old woman died in the fire, police said.



# Excise revenue collection hits Rs. 105 billion so far this year

*2024-07-03 09:08:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100257/excise-revenue-collection-hits-rs-105-billion-so-far-this-year)

The Excise Department has successfully collected Rs. 105 billion in revenue so far this year, marking a significant increase of Rs. 17 billion compared to the same period last year.

Excise Commissioner M. J. Gunasiri stated that by June 30, the department had reached its revenue target.

Gunasiri highlighted that, “We have collected Rs. 105 billion as planned by the Excise Department by June 30. By this time last year, we had collected Rs. 88 billion.” He emphasized that the department had achieved a notable increase of Rs. 17 billion in revenue collection.

...



# The student and the student who fell off the 67th floor die

*2024-07-03 08:58:56*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/67ஆவது-மாடியிலிருந்து-விழுந்த-மாணவனும்-மாணவியும்-மரணம்/175-339793)

A 15 -year -old student and student died from the 67th floor of the luxury apartment in Kompanideru.

It is also reported that the deceased student and student are studying in the same class at an international school in Colombo.

Kompanitheeru police have launched an investigation into the incident and the police suspect that the two may commit suicide.. Remble



# The Sri Lanka Tamil National Party (TNA) tributes to Sambandan at Jaffna headquarters

*2024-07-03 08:56:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187552)

Senior Leader of the Tamil National Alliance (TNA) and Trincomalee district parliamentarian Amara Raja Ravarodayam Sambandan was held on Tuesday (02) at the Jaffna Headquarters of the Sri Lanka Tamil National Party.

The leader of the Sri Lanka Tamil National Alliance (TNA) and former Member of Parliament, Mawai Senathirajah, was lit for the portrait of Annar. Flower tribute was followed by senior members.

It is noteworthy that following the demise of the party, the black flag and the tragedy were expressed by the black flag and the panchayat.

...



# Sri Lanka, Japan discuss resuming stalled projects under yen loans

*2024-07-03 08:55:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-japan-discuss-resuming-stalled-projects-under-yen-loans-170641/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka and Japan have discussed resuming suspended projects under yen loans, its foreign minister said.

“We also addressed the resumption of suspended projects under yen loans, with a commitment to expedite the necessary formalities,” M U M Ali Sabry said on X (twitter).

“Additionally, we discussed opportunities for increasing Japanese investment in Sri Lanka and expanding employment prospects for Sri Lankans in Japan across various sectors.”

Sabry is currently in Tokyo, Japan where he met Foreign Minister of Japan Kamikawa Yoko to improve bilateral relations.

...



# Two dead in fire at estate houses in Yatiyanthota

*2024-07-03 08:39:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100256/two-dead-in-fire-at-estate-houses-in-yatiyanthota)

Two people have died in a fire that broke out in the early hours of today (03) in a row of estate houses in the Palallegama area of Yatiyanthota.

According to the police, the victims were a 60-year-old man and a 50-year-old woman who were staying in the first estate house that was engulfed in flames.

The fire has damaged three estate houses, and the cause of the fire is yet to be determined.



# A controversial statement from the ocean

*2024-07-03 08:31:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198432)

UNP General Secretary Savara Kariyawasam says President Ranil Wickremesinghe has led to the UNP membership of the United National Party and the party membership of the President.

He was speaking to the media after a discussion held at the Civil Front Party headquarters.

"We did not present regarding a person especially about the candidacy in the coming presidential election. The right person is presented at. Under the sign of our party, a candidate presents a candidate. "

Q: Isn't the President Ranil Wickremesinghe become the common candidate?

...



# Anti-Muslim Violence in Kandy: What happened to the investigation report?

*2024-07-03 08:26:42*

[bbccomsinhala](https://www.bbc.com/sinhala/articles/clwyv7z8r5zo)

It has been revealed that the human rights report on the series of extremist violence targeting the Muslims in the Kandy area has not been made public.

This has been revealed by a documentary of the victims of a pair of Tamil journalists who explored victims' proofs of the attack on the security forces of the government.

"The Mount The Upcountry Muslim Rebellion is about 6 years of justice, including Digana and Teldeniya, and the geological attacks in March 2018.

From the direction of journalist Paritaban Shanmugagathan, the edition of the edition of Selvani Sridharan reports have not been answered today about the UNHRC.

...



# Fairly heavy showers expected in parts of the island

*2024-07-03 08:20:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100255/fairly-heavy-showers-expected-in-parts-of-the-island)

The Meteorology Department says showers will occur at times in Western and Sabaragamuwa provinces and in Kandy, Nuwara-Eliya, Galle and Matara districts.

Fairly heavy showers above 50mm are likely at some places in Western and Sabaragamuwa provinces and in Galle and Matara districts,it said.

Showers or thundershowers may occur at several places in Uva province and in Ampara and Batticaloa districts in the evening or night.

Strong winds of about 40-50kmph can be expected at times over the Western slopes of the central hills, Northern, North-central and North-western provinces and in Trincomalee and Hambantota districts.

...



# Two people killed in fire

*2024-07-03 08:15:16*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/மலையகம்/தீ-விபத்தில்-இருவர்-பலி/76-339791)

The incident took place in the early hours of Tuesday morning (03) in the early hours of Tuesday (03).

A 60 -year -old man and a 50 -year -old woman died in a Lion's apartment in a fire, police said.

In addition, three houses were damaged in the fire and the cause of the fire was not yet known, police said.



# Fire in Lion apartment;Biker

*2024-07-03 08:15:16*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/மலையகம்/லயன்-குடியிருப்பில்-தீ-விபத்து-இருவர்-தீக்கிரை/76-339791)

The incident took place in the early hours of Tuesday morning (03) in the early hours of Tuesday (03).

A 60 -year -old man and a 50 -year -old woman died in a Lion's apartment in a fire, police said.

Of these, three houses were damaged and the cause of the fire was not yet known, police said.. It is also worth noting that further investigations into the incident have been investigated by the police.



# Kugadasan appointed parliamentarian

*2024-07-03 08:05:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198431)

R. Kad Consultant Conventions for the vacant parliamentary seat have been named after the death of Mr. Containe.

The Elections Commission says that Kugadan was a 9th parliamentary member of the 9th Parliament for the electoral district.

Meanwhile. The land of Mr. Sampanthan has already placed a privatelynate in Colombo.

The remains of collaboration with the departed from today (03) will be taken to Parliament to Parliament.

His body will be used from 2.00 pm to 4.00 pm and will be used in Parliament.

R. Mr. Sampanthan's body will be taken tomorrow (04) and will be deposited for public respect until Sunday.



# Sri Lanka CPC oil imports, sales, fall with entry of new players

*2024-07-03 07:46:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-cpc-oil-imports-sales-fall-with-entry-of-new-players-170638/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka’s state-run Ceylon Petroleum Corporation had spent 648.7 million US dollars in oil imports in the first four months of 2024, down from 828.4 million dollars with the entry of other players, a Finance Ministry report said.

CPC’s turnover fell to 389.1 billion rupees up to April 2024 down 16.6 percent from 446.8 billion rupees a year ago.

Cost of sales fell by 13.5 percent to 337.4 billion rupees from 390.1 billion rupees.

Crude prices had risen to around 89 dollars a barrel by end April 2024 from 77 dollars at end 2023.

...



# Excise revenue increased by 17

*2024-07-03 07:37:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198430)

The Excise Department has been able to earn Rs. 105 billion from Rs.

Excise Commissioner. J. Mr. Gunasiri said this is a growth of 17 billion rupees compared to last year.

...



# More information about the children who died from 67th floor

*2024-07-03 07:04:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198428)

A 15-year-old student and a student had committed suicide from the 67th floor of a luxury housing complex in Slave Island.

Slave Island Police said that a student and a student of a resident of Kelaniya had died.

It has also been revealed that the deceased and the student was in the same class in Colombo International School.

Police said that the Slave has begun investigations into the incident and the cause of suicide has not been revealed yet.



# Fire breaks into a row of estate houses - two killed

*2024-07-03 06:26:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198427)

Two people have been killed in a fire caused to the plantation housing row in Palellagoda, Yatiyantota.

A 60-year-old male and 50 year old woman who had been waiting in the first estate home was killed.

Three houses have been damaged in fire and the cause of the fire has not been revealed yet.



# Weather today

*2024-07-03 06:19:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198426)

The Department of Meteorology announces that showers in the Western and Sabaragamuwa Provincial and Sabaragamuwa provinces can be held in the Kandy, Nuwara Elamuwa, Galle and Matara districts.



# Institutionalising corruption and nepotism: Office for International Trade

*2024-07-03 05:40:21*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/columns/Institutionalising-corruption-and-nepotism-Office-for-International-Trade/4-763789)

The establishment of the OIT, as currently proposed, poses a serious threat to Sri Lanka’s domestic industries and economic stability

...



# Ranasinghe Premadasa: From subaltern status to pinnacle of power

*2024-07-03 05:34:05*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/columns/Ranasinghe-Premadasa-From-subaltern-status-to-pinnacle-of-power/4-763788)

Ranasinghe Premadasa, Sri Lanka’s one and only non-Govigama Prime Minister and President is the focus of this two-part article commemorating his birth centenary. The first part published last week traced in brief the early phases of Premadasa’s political journey (https://www.ft.lk/columns/Sri-Lanka-s-solitary-non-Govigama-Prime-Minister-and-President/4-763469). This second and final part – written with the aid of earlier writings – will record the remarkable rise to power of Ranasinghe Premadasa.

...



# Unvisited places

*2024-07-03 05:27:20*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/columns/Unvisited-places/4-763787)

If the executive presidency is not abolished, if the PTA stays (or is replaced by something as bad or even worse), if militarisation is not rolled back, if political monks continue to dictate terms and conditions to the country, what would system-change look like?

“The night is an open book. But the world beyond the night remains a mystery.” – Louise Gluck (Before the Storm)

...



# The obstacle course I ran over four days to get an eVisa to Sri Lanka

*2024-07-03 05:21:48*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/columns/The-obstacle-course-I-ran-over-four-days-to-get-an-eVisa-to-Sri-Lanka/4-763786)

An obstacle course that spanned three continents just to process something as simple as ordering dinner from UberEats

I was born in Sri Lanka, live in the US, and visit my home country often. The very idea of having to get a visa to a country I lived in for a greater part of my life is discomforting. Nevertheless, in order to comply, three weeks before I travelled, I went through the process. No different from thousands of others. However this time, it turned out to be a bizarre obstacle course set up by an Indian outfit masked behind a bunch of acronyms.

...



# Paye Tax: Is scholars who want to the country lose a tax deprived of the country?

*2024-07-03 05:11:29*

[bbccomsinhala](https://www.bbc.com/sinhala/articles/c28exrgjvw0o)

A tax policy is in place for the existence of a country in the world.

There are two main types of direct and indirect taxes in a tax policy. Taxes are effective in any country, which is expected to be properly used to provide the necessary services to the general public using the taxes.

The Wasantha Athukoragram of the University of Peradeniya explained that the funding of the services of the public.

...



# Cabinet clears to reassign $ 1.09 m grant of UNEP to e-mobility project

*2024-07-03 05:00:06*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/Cabinet-clears-to-reassign-1-09-m-grant-of-UNEP-to-e-mobility-project/34-763779)

The Cabinet of Ministers on Monday approved reassigning a $ 1.09 million grant from the United Nations Environment Program (UNEP), originally assigned to the Environment Ministry, to the Transport and Highways Ministry.

...



# CFA Society Sri Lanka presents course on ‘Understanding Key Economic Indicators for Business Success’ with Frontier Research

*2024-07-03 04:57:46*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/CFA-Society-Sri-Lanka-presents-course-on-Understanding-Key-Economic-Indicators-for-Business-Success-with-Frontier-Research/34-763778)

CFA Society Sri Lanka is pleased to announce an exclusive course on “Understanding Key Economic Indicators for Business Success” presented by the CFA Society Sri Lanka in association with Frontier Research.

This course, designed to empower professionals with critical economic insights, is tailored for managers, executives, and strategic planners, promising to provide participants with a comprehensive understanding of key economic indicators and their application in business contexts.

...



# Cabinet approves securing increased USAID grant for disaster resilience and economic prosperity program

*2024-07-03 04:55:12*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/Cabinet-approves-securing-increased-USAID-grant-for-disaster-resilience-and-economic-prosperity-program/34-763777)

The Cabinet of Ministers approved a significant revision to the cooperative agreement with the US, increasing the grant amount to $ 52.835 million under the ‘Program for a Sri Lanka with Democracy, Prosperity and the Capability to Face Disasters’.The initial agreement, signed on 31 August 2022, allocated $ 9.069 million to support Sri Lanka in strengthening democratic governance, promoting economic prosperity, and enhancing disaster resilience. This amount was subsequently increased twice during the year, reaching $ 28.299 million.

...



# India-funded project facilitates 924 rainwater harvesting tanks for Jaffna

*2024-07-03 04:54:59*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/India-funded-project-facilitates-924-rainwater-harvesting-tanks-for-Jaffna/34-763776)

The Cabinet of Ministers on Monday approved the establishment of 924 rainwater harvesting tanks in Jaffna using the remaining funds from an ongoing project supported by the Government of India.

The project aims to provide clean drinking water for people in the Jaffna district.

The original project, approved on 25 October 2016, involved the construction of 3,000 rainwater harvesting tanks, funded by the Government of India. The Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) was part of a broader effort to address the clean water needs of the Jaffna district, with the project initially scheduled for completion within three years.

...



# Simon Bittlestone is CIMA’s new global President

*2024-07-03 04:53:35*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/Simon-Bittlestone-is-CIMA-s-new-global-President/34-763775)

Says world is ripe with opportunities for accounting and finance profession

Sri Lanka’s Hasanji Ellawala and Ameena Ziauddin appointed to Middle East, South Asia and North Africa Regional Engagement Group which will provide insights into the continent’s profession and shape the Association’s global strategic plan

The Chartered Institute of Management Accountants (CIMA) this week announced that it has appointed finance transformation business leader Simon Bittlestone as the 91st President of the Institute.

...



# SL to ink deal with Swiss Govt. for second phase of Global Textile and Apparel Program

*2024-07-03 04:50:11*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/SL-to-ink-deal-with-Swiss-Govt-for-second-phase-of-Global-Textile-and-Apparel-Program/34-763774)

The Cabinet of Ministers on Monday approved a proposal to enter into a project agreement with the Swiss State Secretariat for Economic Affairs (SECO) to implement the second phase of the Global Textile and Apparel Program.

The agreement, set to be signed by the Sri Lanka Export Development Board (EDB), will provide significant support from SECO’s Global Textiles and Apparels Program. This support is expected to drive the industry’s shift towards sustainable practices and enhance its competitive edge in the global market by integrating advanced digital technologies.

...



# Working committee to develop framework to establish National Quality Council

*2024-07-03 04:49:37*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/Working-committee-to-develop-framework-to-establish-National-Quality-Council/34-763773)

The Cabinet of Ministers on Monday approved the formation of a working committee tasked with developing and implementing the framework to establish the National Quality Council.

The committee will comprise representatives from relevant line ministries and national quality institutions.

The decision follows recommendations outlined in the National Quality Policy presented in 2016, the National Quality Infrastructure Strategy 2018-2022, and the National Export Strategy 2018-2022.

...



# Opposition raises concerns with EC over Govt.’s misuse of public funds ahead of polls

*2024-07-03 04:48:19*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/Opposition-raises-concerns-with-EC-over-Govt-s-misuse-of-public-funds-ahead-of-polls/56-763772)

Opposition alleges Govt. is diverting public funds under pretext of regional development to benefit specific candidates and parties

to President’s office for regional development initiatives is an attempt to sway voter sentiment

Condemns Government-sponsored projects such as “Urumaya,” rice subsidies, and free fertilisers, arguing these are politically motivated efforts

Opposition parties and alliances have united in a formal appeal to the Election Commission of Sri Lanka (ECSL), raising urgent concerns about perceived Government efforts to exploit public resources for electoral gain.

...



# Govt. moves to boost women’s economic participation via Rs. 2 b special loan scheme

*2024-07-03 04:46:35*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/Govt-moves-to-boost-women-s-economic-participation-via-Rs-2-b-special-loan-scheme/56-763771)

The Government has decided to allocate Rs. 2 billion of the Rs. 20 billion special loan scheme to eliminate financial barriers and empower women in the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises (MSMEs).

The move follows a Cabinet decision on 26 February, where the Government allocated Rs. 20 billion to reinvigorate the enterprise sector.

The Cabinet of Ministers on Monday approved implementing the special loan scheme that is expected to provide much-needed support to women entrepreneurs, helping them overcome the barriers that have traditionally impeded their financial independence and economic contribution.

...



# Next SL leader needs economic vision, not just debt management skills: Prof Charitha Herath

*2024-07-03 04:45:17*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/Next-SL-leader-needs-economic-vision-not-just-debt-management-skills-Prof-Charitha-Herath/56-763770)

Freedom People’s Congress (FPC) member Prof. Charitha Herath has called for Sri Lanka to appoint a leader capable of managing the country’s economy, not merely its debt. Speaking at a press conference yesterday, Herath addressed the current economic situation and the forthcoming political changes.

Herath highlighted that the broad economic crisis has now evolved into a debt crisis. He criticised the prevailing focus on debt management, which he believes has led to a misconception that the ideal Presidential candidate is one who excels in debt management.

...

