# #SriLanka :sri_lanka: News Bulletin

<div id="news_lk_bulletin">

*Updated* **2024-07-06 20:05:01**

1. 🚔 Two arrested for robbing house in Dehiowita, with 4 lakhs and 400,000 gold items recovered.
2. 🛫 UAE deports 11 Sri Lankans for cybercrimes and prostitution; 37 Sri Lankans arrested in total.
3. 💼 Sri Lankans deported from UAE arrive in the island.
4. 💰 No salary increase for public sector this year, says President Ranil Wickremesinghe.
5. 🚚 Tipper transporting black stones from Padukka Meepe to Colombo Harbor crashes near Ekunggama Junction at Hanwella Junction.
6. 😶‍🌫️ Imran Khan prepares for a fast until justice is served in Pakistan.
7. 👥 President Ranil Wickremesinghe calls for a new political system that fosters individuals who can take responsibility and speak the truth.
8. 🚔 Community Police Committees in Uva Province recognized for contributions to the nationwide 'Yukthiya Operation' initiative led by the Sri Lanka Police Department.
9. 🔒 17-year-old student arrested for raping 78-year-old woman in Balangoda.
10. 🍷 All liquor outlets in Kadirgama Divisional Secretariat to be closed for 17 days from the 22nd of this month due to the annual festival of Kadirgama Kandan Temple.

</div>

[Previous](data) Bulletins

## Methodology

This bulletin has been autogenerated by MistralAI's [mistral-large-latest](https://mistral.ai/news/mistral-large/) model, with the following [prompt](src/news_lk_bulletin/core/NewsBulletin.py):

*Aggregate these news articles into 10 bullets of information that will be practically useful to ordinary Sri Lankan citizens. EXCLUDE opinions, advertisements and political messages. ANNOTATE with emojis.*

## Source News

Based on **120** News Articles, from the last **27** hours.

# Two arrested for robbing house

*2024-07-06 19:00:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198547)

Dehiowita has been arrested by Dehiowita police, including four £ 4 lakhs and 400,000 gold items in the Dehiowita area.

The suspects were taken into custody by the money of the suspects.



# UAE deports Sri Lankans arrested over cybercrimes and prostitution

*2024-07-06 18:54:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100335/uae-deports-sri-lankans-arrested-over-cybercrimes-and-prostitution)

Eleven Sri Lankans deported from the United Arab Emirates (UAE) for engaging in cybercrimes have arrived in the island this morning (06), the Sri Lanka Bureau of Foreign Employment (SLBFE) said.

On July 01, Khaleej Times reported that thousands of individuals, including many South Asians and Africans were entrapped during a crackdown conducted across locations in Dubai recently, with the largest raid at Rahaba Residences in Dubailand.

...



# Sri Lankans deported from the United Arab Emirates

*2024-07-06 18:27:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198546)

11 Sri Lankans deported in the United Arab Emirates have arrived in the island.

The Sri Lanka Foreign Employment Bureau said that they arrived in the island this morning (06).

In a letter from the Kallige Times, July 1, had been arrested by the police of South Asian and hundreds of Africans.

According to the Sri Lankan Embassy in Sri Lanka, 37 Sri Lankans were arrested on various allegations, including a cyber racket and prostitution.

After the completion of the police investigations, the Embassy further stated that other Sri Lankans will be deported to Sri Lanka within two weeks.

...



# No salary increase this year - President

*2024-07-06 17:37:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198545)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe says that the public sector increase cannot be re-increasing this year.

The President said that a duration of an election duration of this year is impossible.

The President was speaking at a ceremony to empower members of the Uva Provincial Command members at Wellawaya today (06).

Speaking further the President said, the salaries can be increased by the next year's budget.



# Where a tipper went with black stones

*2024-07-06 17:12:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198544)

A tipper transporting black stones from the Padukka Meepe to Colombo Harbor has been trained near the Ekunggama Junction today (06) at Hanwella Junction.

The accident had taken place after the tipper broke the safe fence of a bridge and rolled near the Kelani River.

The driver of the tipper in the accident has not been harmed.



# Imran Khan prepares a fast

*2024-07-06 16:53:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198543)

The party has requested the Chief Justice of Pakistan to remove the pakistan's pakistan.

PTI is the party of Pakistan, who is currently imprisoned by Imran Khan's party.

Imran Khan has said that he was ready to take a continuous fast if he did not take justice.

Former Pakistan, Prime Minister Imran Khan, addressing journalists, said that after participating in the judiciary.



# The latest group looking for the President

*2024-07-06 16:35:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198542)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe says that when a new economy is building a new economy in the country, a group of people who can take responsibilities and a truly expressing a truth should be created in the political system.

The President was referring to the bankers' forum, organized by the National Bankers Association yesterday.

The President also stated that he had stated the economic challenge in the country.

It is the responsibility of everyone to help the country has no other program except the program but the country.

He emphasized that the Sinhalese nation will never allow the nation.

...



# President chairs first Community Police Committees’ empowerment session

*2024-07-06 16:25:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100334/president-chairs-first-community-police-committees-empowerment-session-)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe has chaired an inaugural event at the Wellawaya Public Stadium, marking the first empowerment session for Community Police Committees of Uva Province, the President’s Media Division (PMD) said.

These committees were recognized for their significant contributions to the nationwide ‘Yukthiya Operation’ initiative led by the Sri Lanka Police Department, according to the PMD.



# A 17-year-old student arrested for raping 78-year-old woman

*2024-07-06 16:14:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198541)

A 178-year-old schoolgirl has been arrested on suspicion of raping a 78-year-old married woman in the GDetara Oya near the town of Balangoda.

The suspect, acting politically Magistrates D. Emmy. He was remanded until the 8th of this month after Chandrasekara.

The suspect has also been sent to a DNA test to summon a report on physical, mental and social illnesses regarding the suspect.

A resident of the Balangoda Module area. The woman named Syrian 'went to the Doawala, the body, and later found her body.

Investigations were conducted on the suspicion at the death investigation at the Balangoda Balangoda Hospital.

...



# 17 days closed liquor schools

*2024-07-06 16:09:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187833)

The annual festival of Kadirgama Kandan Temple has been launched today (06).

In this backdrop, all liquor outlets belonging to the Kadirgama Divisional Secretariat will be disabled for 17 days from the 22nd of this month.



# Establishing fresh economic and political system is essential – President

*2024-07-06 16:06:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100333/establishing-fresh-economic-and-political-system-is-essential-president)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe recently emphasized that as the country builds a new economy, it is crucial to establish a new political system. This system must foster individuals who can take responsibility and speak the truth fearlessly.

He made these remarks during the bankers’ forum organized by the National Bankers Association at Galle Face Hotel, Colombo, yesterday (05).

The President stated that he has openly communicated the economic challenges facing the country to the people and has outlined a clear program to lead the nation out of the crisis.

...



# Badulla Railway Line for Badulla

*2024-07-06 15:56:43*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/බදුල්ල-කොළඹ-දුම්රිය-මාර්ගය-යථා-තත්වයට/11-410632)

The Colombo Fort Railway Railway Railway Railway Railway Railway Stations will be operated from Diyatalawa railway stations in Badulla.

The engine of the night-train, which was traveling from Badulla to Colombo Fort, was fulfilled on the railway line between the Bandarawela Diyatalawa railway stations.

This is due to the above mentioned night mail at the Haputale Railway Station at the Haputale Railway Station this morning at 5.50 am from Colombo Fort.Nawalapitiya Railway Control Room stated that he was running.

...



# Sword attack on India

*2024-07-06 15:27:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198539)

The Leader of the Punnabe, who appearing for the rights of Hindu citizens, has been a sword in Liyanana.

Two persons have been arrested in connection with the incident and the Shiv Senene leader was injured and hospitalized.



# Investigations in Matara

*2024-07-06 15:10:34*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/மாத்தறையில்-குழந்தை-இறந்த-சம்பவம்-விசாரணைகள்-ஆரம்பம்/175-339940)

The Health Ministry has launched an investigation into the death of a 2 -month -old child after being refused treatment at a hospital in Matara - Kodawila area.

Investigations have been launched by the Matara District General Hospital on the directive of the Secretary of the Ministry of Health.

On the 3rd of this month, a child who suffered from suffocation at a hospital in Matara, Kodawila, has been accused of being denied admission to the emergency department.

The Ambulance Hospital administration has refused to go to another hospital.

...



# The exangerative power launches the first draft of the strategic program

*2024-07-06 15:09:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198538)

The first draft was launched to the public under the public under the public under the masses under the Master of the Alliance TNA strategic program.

The final plan is launching after giving public views on this.

This is the first draft offered to the People's Conversation for the People's Conversation of the Norgeon Power and Strategy.

Leaders of all political parties representing the authentic power have been joined.

The proposed amendments to be implemented in every field have been included in detail in detail.

...



# Smart Classrooms and Deb at a cost of 300 billion for Southern Province School students!

*2024-07-06 14:18:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187826)

200 smart classrooms and 2,000 Deb computers have been provided to the Southern Province school students by President Ranil Wickremesinghe.

The event was held at the Galle Hol de Cole Hall headed by President Ranil Wickremesinghe on Saturday.

The scheme has been carried out at the request of Minister of Industry and Health Ramesh Pathirana.



# Police request help to heal disabled swarm

*2024-07-06 14:01:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198536)

A student of the Matara Navayana area has been completely disabled due to serious injuries due to a shot of the police for a year and a half ago.

His parents demand the help of healing their child.

It is impossible to talk to the accident that happened to the danger of uncounted Haruns.

One and a half ago, a police officer had been shot dead by a police officer and had been shot dead by his disability.

He was facing the accident when he went with friends when he was held in the village temple.

Swanks are alive today on the lack of doctors of the Karapitiya Teaching Hospital.

...



# Sri Lanka’s 2024 first half tourism revenue surpasses $1.5 bn with 78-pct rise

*2024-07-06 14:00:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lankas-2024-first-half-tourism-revenue-surpasses-1-5-bn-with-78-pct-rise-171136/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka’s foreign exchange revenue from tourism rose to $1.56 billion in the first six months of 2024 with a 77.9 percent jump from the same period last year while the arrivals also gained 61.7 percent, the central bank said quoting tourism promotion authorities.

Sri Lanka’s tourist arrivals rose to more than 1.01 million visitors in the first half of 2024.

Tourism accounted for nearly 5 percent of Sri Lanka’s economy when the sector was at its peak in 2018. Since then it has hit by violent Easter Sunday suicide attack in 2019 and Covid-19 pandemic in 2020 followed by an unprecedented economic crisis.

...



# Appointment of the deaths today to find out the cause of Chandi's death

*2024-07-06 13:55:55*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/චන්ඩිගේ-මරණයට-හේතුව-සොයා-අද-මරණ-පරීක්ෂණයක්/11-410630)

The wildlife officials found the dead at the tank at the Galgamuwa, Ehetuwewa Kaduruwewa village in the Galgamuwa, the death of a single door called Chandi.

From the time, the wildlife officials were trained in a few occasions when the total approximately a single approximate to various diseases.

The elephant was back to the Madagamuwa Oya and Horowpathana, so many people were taken up again.

Chandi, finding the cause of this Aposta, the post mortem examination is suspicious that they have died due to a clash caused by a clash with a problem.



# Notice to the non-academic staff

*2024-07-06 13:20:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198535)

State Minister of Higher Education Dr. Suren Sanghavan says that although the country has further confused the lives of young people who are in charge of the country, he is asked to report their time to work.

He says he promises to include the demands of the University Alleviation Staff to the Budget 2025 through the Committee.

However, the strike commenced in the university non-academic employees on the 67th today (06).

University non-academic workers are engaged in a trade union action of 17 state universities asking for their monthly Hillawa and salary anomalies from 2016.

...



# Bora Conference;Special Transport Plan in Colombo

*2024-07-06 13:12:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187819)

Police Media Spokesperson SSP Nihal Talduwa said that a special traffic scheme will be implemented in Colombo ahead of the Bora Spiritual Conference.

The Bora Spiritual Conference will be held from the 07th to the 16th at the Bambalapitiya Bora School and the Sri Lanka Exhibition Conference Hall.

For this conference, about fifteen thousand bore community from many countries, including India, will come to the country.

In this context, many roads entering the Marine Drive in Galle Road, Colombo Fort and Bambalapitiya will be closed for a few hours from the 07th to the 16th of this month.

...



# Reformist Pezeshkian wins Iran’s presidential runoff, besting hard-liner Jalili

*2024-07-06 13:00:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100332/reformist-pezeshkian-wins-irans-presidential-runoff-besting-hard-liner-jalili)

Reformist candidate Masoud Pezeshkian won Iran’s runoff presidential election Saturday, besting hard-liner Saeed Jalili by promising to reach out to the West and ease enforcement on the country’s mandatory headscarf law after years of sanctions and protests squeezing the Islamic Republic.

...



# A Sri Lankan Tamil Origin Parliament to be appointed to the British Parliament

*2024-07-06 12:59:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198534)

The first time in British history has been elected to Parliament for the first time in British history.

She was born to parliament representing the Labor Party, she was born as refugees in the civilian civilian and was born in Egyptian London.

Meanwhile, the new cabinet has been declared the new cabinet in Britain.

In the meantime, there are 11 women, which belongs to two women, the first position of the Cabinet.

Accordingly, Angela Rayner, who was elected to Parliament from the Labor in 2015, was appointed as the British Deputy Prime Minister.

...



# 9 injured in bus accident in Halpe

*2024-07-06 12:21:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100331/9-injured-in-bus-accident-in-halpe)

Nine individuals have been injured and hopitalised after a passenger bus belonging to the Sri Lanka Transport Board (SLTB) was involved in an accident in the Halpe area.

The SLTB bus, traveling from Beddawela to Bandarawela, had veered off the road and collided with a nearby wall.

Police suspect that the accident was caused by a technical fault in the bus.

The injured individuals, including four females, have been admitted to the Demodara Hospital for treatment.



# Beginning Today - 17 Days Lock for Liquor States

*2024-07-06 12:03:01*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/இன்று-முதல்-ஆரம்பம்-மதுபானசாலைகளுக்கு-17-நாட்கள்-பூட்டு/175-339939)

The annual festival of Kadirgama Kandan Temple has been launched today (06).

It is customary for millions of devotees from many parts of the country to invade this annual festival.

At the same time, the government is reportedly taking steps to the benefit of the servants who visit Kadirgama, including security, transport and shelter.

In this backdrop, all liquor selling centers belonging to the Kadirgama Divisional Secretariat will be closed for 17 days from today (22) to the 22nd of this month.. Remble



# The mysterious death of ex -militant

*2024-07-06 11:51:45*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/வன்னி/முன்னாள்-போராளி-மர்ம-மரணம்/72-339938)

A former militant living in Adampan area in the Manthai West Divisional Secretariat Division has died mysteriously yesterday.

Gopalakrishnan Gokul Prem Kumar (age-42), known as the 'Language of Wires', is a mysterious death of the deceased.

Last night he was standing in front of his house on Adampan Street and talking on the phone.

He made a noise that he had left the vehicle.

With the help of the family, he was immediately taken to Adampan Hospital and transferred to the Mannar District General Hospital for further treatment.

...



# 200 keymates to the Southern Province and 2000 tabs

*2024-07-06 11:45:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198533)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe was chaired by President Ranil Wickremesinghe today (06) under the patronage of 1000 tab computers to the Southern Province Classroom Project.

The cost of the Southern Province classroom project is Rs. 300 million.

The project will be implemented with the request of the Minister of Industry and Health, Ramesh Pathirana.



# 200 smart classrooms and 2,000 Tabs for Southern Province schools

*2024-07-06 11:42:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100330/200-smart-classrooms-and-2000-tabs-for-southern-province-schools)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe emphasized the necessity of an advanced education system combined with modern technology to move the country forward with a new economy. He noted that educational reforms are currently underway to achieve this goal.

President Rani Wickremesinghe made these remarks today (06) during a ceremony at Hall De Galle in Galle. The event marked a significant step towards educational modernization, with the provision of 200 Smart Classrooms and 2000 Tabs to 200 schools in the Southern Province.

...



# People should come forward to proclaim the mourning of the white flag in the east on the day of Sambandan:. Khalilurrahman

*2024-07-06 11:33:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187814)

Senior Parliamentarian Amarar, former leader of the Tamil National Alliance and former Opposition Leader. Sampanthan's funeral will be held in Trincomalee tomorrow, with Sri Lankan political figures and foreign major politicians to attend.

The Treasurer of the United Peace Alliance and a former member of the Colombo Municipal Council (IA), the Sri Lankans, especially the people of the Eastern Province, should come forward to pay homage to the white flag in all areas of the East tomorrow.. Khalilurrahman has asked through a report.

...



# 9 hospitalized after another bus accident

*2024-07-06 11:31:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198532)

The bus belonging to the Sri Lanka Transport Board, who was traveling from Badawela to Bandarawela, has been inaugurated in Halpe.

The bus is suspected of accident.



# ‘As long as country faces budget deficit, borrowing is necessary’ – CBSL Governor

*2024-07-06 11:28:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100329/as-long-as-country-faces-budget-deficit-borrowing-is-necessary-cbsl-governor)

In a recent interview, Governor of the Central Bank of Sri Lanka Dr Nandalal Weerasinghe addressed misconceptions regarding Sri Lanka’s total debt, clarifying that the increase from USD 96 billion in December 2023 to a projected USD 100 billion by March 2024 is largely due to exchange rate fluctuations rather than new borrowing.

Joining an interview held at the Presidential Media Centre on Friday (05), the CBSL Governor said that despite a detailed explanation of this made by President Ranil Wickremesinghe in Parliament recently, some have mistakenly interpreted the rise as an increase from USD 70 billion to USD 100 billion.

...



# Aruna scenes into Paris Olympics

*2024-07-06 11:23:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198531)

Sri Lanka Athletic Aruna scenes have been eligible for this year's Paris Olympics.



# Sri Lanka’s Aruna Darshana qualifies for Paris Olympics

*2024-07-06 10:50:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100328/sri-lankas-aruna-darshana-qualifies-for-paris-olympics)

Sri Lankan sprinter Aruna Darshana has qualified to compete at the 2024 Paris Olympics.

Accordingly, he will represent Sri Lanka in the Men’s 400m event.

Darshana joins the Sri Lankan athletics team for the Paris Olympics with Tharushi Karunaratne and Nadeesha Lekamge.

Aruna Darshana recently showcased his exceptional speed and skill on the track achieving an impressive second-place finish in the 400-meter event at an international athletics tournament held in the Bahamas, clocking a personal best time of 45.90 seconds.

...



# Explanation of the relief received

*2024-07-06 10:47:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198530)

Central Bank Governor Dr. Nandalal Weerasinghe says that the relief provided by bilateral debt borrowers has been given the relief to Sri Lanka.

He was speaking at an interview to educate the restructuring of debt.

The Central Bank Governor further explained that comparing Sri Lanka is not a right to provide credit relief to various countries.

...



# FUTA ‘mafia’ behind strike by university non-academic staff, claims Raghavan

*2024-07-06 10:40:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100327/futa-mafia-behind-strike-by-university-non-academic-staff-claims-raghavan)

State Minister of Higher Education Dr. Suren Raghavan, urged non-academic staff across all universities to resume work promptly, emphasizing the importance of minimizing disruptions for the youth who are the future leaders of the nation.

Speaking at the press briefing titled “Collective Path to a Stable Country” held at the Presidential Media Centre yesterday (05), he committed to prioritizing the demands of university non-academic staff, including addressing overtime allowances for April.

These concerns will be forwarded to the Udaya Seneviratne Committee and proposed for inclusion in the 2025 budget, he added.

...



# Qatar Airways to Increase Airlines for Sri Lanka

*2024-07-06 10:40:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187807)

Qatar Airways Airlines has announced that its flights traveling to Colombo in Sri Lanka will increase from 5 to 6.

The 6th Airlines will be increased from the 10th of this month.

Qatar Airways uses a Boeing 787 aircraft with 30 commercial seats and 281 ordinary class seats for services to Colombo.

Qatar Airways operates a total of 42 weekly flights to Colombo to connect passengers to 170 countries around the world.

Jonathan Fernando, Manager of Sri Lanka and Maldives of Qatar Airways Service, said,

We are happy to provide this further service to increase contacts through Qatar in Colombo and Colombo.

...



# Electrical leak caused massive fire in Akurana?

*2024-07-06 10:23:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100326/electrical-leak-caused-massive-fire-in-akurana)

Police suspect that the cause of the fire that broke out at a restaurant in Akurana may have been an electrical leak in the system supplying electricity to the electric ovens in a bakery located in the building.

The Kandy-Matale road (A9) was temporarily closed at Akurana yesterday morning (05) due to a fire that broke out in a shop and spread to several adjacent shops and an international school in the vicinity.

The flames were brought under control by around 10:00 a.m. after much effort by firefighters and local residents.

However, the Akurana Police are conducting further investigations regarding the incident.



# Sri Lanka 2024 first half remittances rise 11.4-pct, surpass $3.1 bn

*2024-07-06 10:00:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-2024-first-half-remittances-rise-11-4-pct-surpasses-3-1-bn-171133/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka’s remittances coming through official channels gained 11.4 percent to $3.14 billion in the first six months of 2024 compared to the same period last year, helped by more expatriates using the official banking channels.

The remittances in June were $519.6 million, 9.2 percent up from the same month last year, the official data showed.

The remittances have risen continuously after the central bank gave up a parallel exchange rate regime, which compelled most expatriates to switch informal Undiyal and Hawala money transfer methods.

...



# Sri Lanka 2024 first half remittances rise 11.4-pct, surpass $3.1 bn

*2024-07-06 10:00:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-2024-first-half-remittances-rise-11-4-pct-surpass-3-1-bn-171133/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka’s remittances coming through official channels gained 11.4 percent to $3.14 billion in the first six months of 2024 compared to the same period last year, helped by more expatriates using the official banking channels.

The remittances in June were $519.6 million, 9.2 percent up from the same month last year, the official data showed.

The remittances have risen continuously after the central bank gave up a parallel exchange rate regime, which compelled most expatriates to switch informal Undiyal and Hawala money transfer methods.

...



# Iranian presidential election

*2024-07-06 09:43:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187802)

Iranian presidential election. As the votes were expected at the end of the second round of the election, Masood Besseskian received 53 percent of the votes.

The second round was required after the two candidates did not receive 50 percent of the votes in the election on June 28.

New President's supporters are engaged in success. Young people celebrate victory with the green flag used in his election campaign.

He promised during the election campaign that Iran would maintain unity in Iran.



# Comfort in the Palestinian people

*2024-07-06 09:27:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198529)

Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahuu says that it will be launched to talk to the ceasefire of the Hamas war.

The two parties have not yet agreed on a covenant for the release of a ceasefire and hostage.

The Hamas has said that the US plan has been proposed to a ceasefire and the amendment has become a positive response.

US president Joe Biden is about to meet the Israeli Prime Minister in Washington this month, the White House announced.



# Missing woman recovered in a dilapidated well

*2024-07-06 08:51:23*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/திருகோணமலை/காணாமல்-போன-பெண்-பாழடைந்த-கிணற்றுக்குள்-சடலமாக-மீட்பு/75-339937)

The body and her handbag of Nadeskumar Vinodhini, a 25 -year -old woman, who had been reported missing from a dilapidated well in the Muttur police division, was recovered by police yesterday (5).

The body of the woman was recovered yesterday (05) in the presence of Muttur Court Judge HM Dasneem Fausan and Sudden Death Officer.

Nadeskumar Vinodhini, a mother of a child, who was married to a child from the Thanganagar area of ​​the Saruwila police division, was lodged at the Muttur police station on July 1 at the Muttur police station.

...



# Showers expected in several provinces and districts

*2024-07-06 08:42:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100325/showers-expected-in-several-provinces-and-districts)

The Meteorology Department says showers will occur at times in Western, Sabaragamuwa and North-western provinces and in Kandy, Nuwara Eliya, Galle and Matara districts.

Showers or thundershowers will occur at a few places in Uva province and in Ampara and Batticaloa districts in the evening or night.

Strong winds of about 40-50 kmph can be expected at times over the Western slopes of the central hills, Northern, North-central and North-western provinces and in Trincomalee, Hambantota and Monaragala districts.

...



# France is changing Ronaldo

*2024-07-06 08:11:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198528)

Spain and France managed to qualify for the semi-finals of the European football tournament.

Meanwhile, both groups failed to record the goals during the due time of France and Portugal.

The competition is considered to be the last European Cup match of Luxhika Cristiano Ronaldo.



# Today is the occasional rainfall

*2024-07-06 08:04:12*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/இன்று-அவ்வப்போது-மழை-பெய்யும்/175-339936)

Heavy rains are expected in the Western, Sabaragamuwa and North Western Provinces and Kandy, Nuwara Eliya, Galle and Matara districts.

In the Uva Province, Ampara and Batticaloa districts, there is a possibility of rainfall or thundershowers in the evening or at night.

Strong winds are likely to blow up to 40-50 km / h from time to time in the western slopes of the Central Highlands, Northern, North Central and North Western Provinces and Trincomalee, Hambantota and Moneragala districts.

...



# Sri Lanka says 1.3mn register for tax number in June, targets 7.4mn

*2024-07-06 08:00:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-says-1-3mn-register-for-tax-number-in-june-targets-7-4mn-171114/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka’s State Minister of Finance has said that 2.3 million people have got Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN) so far, with 1.3 million in June alone.

The government’s aim was to increase the number of people who have been given TIN numbers to 7.3 million by the end of July, Ranjith Siyambalapitiya said.

“If you are asked to pay tax but do not have income, do not pay tax,” he told TIN registrants.

...



# Up Internet fraud

*2024-07-06 07:49:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198527)

The Computer Emergency Response Forum says that 1,093 complaints have been reported on internet fraud during the past five months.

Senior Information Security Engineers Warrankamamunagala stated that 7,916 complaints have been reported on social media.

Furthermore, Kuraluk Damunugala stated that complaints about children in two months, especially the 27 child sexual violence.

He added that the complaints have been sent to the National Child Protection Authority.



# The cause of the Akurana fire?

*2024-07-06 07:23:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198526)

The police suspect that the building is due to the fire in Akurana restaurant, police suspect that the electricity supplier of the bakery products of the bakery facade.

The Alawatugoda Police are conducting further investigations.

Police said that the fire was damaged by a shop and an international school.

The fire erupted in the restaurant in Akurana last night (05).

Due to the fire, the Kandy-Matale (A9) road was temporarily closed yesterday morning.

After a severe effort, he had worked to curb the fire at around 10 am.



# Sri Lanka in talks for US$25 mn German technical university: State Minister

*2024-07-06 06:41:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-in-talks-for-us25-mn-german-technical-university-state-minister-171131/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka is in the final stage of talks with a German investor for a Technical University to be established in the suburb of capital Colombo, State Higher Education Minister Suren Raghavan said.

“We discussed about German Technical University. This is a US$25 million investment. They want to focus on agriculture, renewable energy, and food technology,” Raghavan told reporters at a media briefing in Colombo on Friday (05).

However, the German University is expected to start operations after the Presidential election scheduled for later this year, he said.

...



# Showers and strong winds

*2024-07-06 06:10:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198525)

The Meteorology Department says that there will be showers in the Western, Sabaragamuwa and North Western provinces.

Showers or thundershowers will occur at several places in the Ampara and Batticaloa districts of Ampara and Batticaloa districts.

From the Western slopes of the central hills, Trincomalee, Trincomalee and Moneragala Districts, Trincomalee, Hambantota and Moneragala Districts. 40-50 can cause strong winds.

The Department of Meteorology has made public aware of temporary strong winds and lightning accidents with thunderstorms.



# National tea sales averages June 2024: Cumulative variance records positive value

*2024-07-06 02:44:00*

[islandlk](http://island.lk/national-tea-sales-averages-june-2024-cumulative-variance-records-positive-value/)

Total Elevation Average declined by Rs. 23.11 in comparison to the previous month while cumulative variance recorded a positive Rs. 39.59 and USD 0.44 against January-June 2023.Cumulatively, High Growns showed a marginal negative variance, whilst the Medium Growns and Low Growns showed a positive variance in LKR terms. In USD terms, all elevations showed a positive variance in comparison to the corresponding period year-on-year.

* National tea sales average for the month of June 2024 recorded Rs. 1,243.69 (USD 4.12), showing a decrease of Rs. 23.11 and of USD 0.13 in comparison with the May 2024 average of Rs. 1,266.80 (USD 4.25).

...



# EDR success will lead to resumption of stalled energy projects: state minister

*2024-07-06 02:38:00*

[islandlk](http://island.lk/edr-success-will-lead-to-resumption-of-stalled-energy-projects-state-minister/)

‘Feasibility studies and environmental reports for Adani project are still in progress’

State Minister for Power and Energy Indika Anuruddha stated that due to the success of the external debt restructuring (EDR), the projects related to the energy sector, which were stalled during the economic crisis would be re-implemented and it would be of great help in solving the power crisis.

The Minister of State also pointed out that some parties in the opposition are engaged in sabotage to weaken the program launched by the government to develop the country.

...



# Cable Solutions Limited IPO presents ‘attractive’ entry point for investors seeking growth

*2024-07-06 02:35:00*

[islandlk](http://island.lk/cable-solutions-limited-ipo-presents-attractive-entry-point-for-investors-seeking-growth/)

Sri Lanka’s only specialized integrated cable manufacturer and subsidiary of the ACL Group, Cable Solutions Limited (CSLK), has announced its plans for its Initial Public Offering (IPO) and subsequent listing on the Diri Savi Board of the Colombo Stock Exchange.

...



# Stock market buoyed by ComBank’s successful debenture issue

*2024-07-06 02:34:00*

[islandlk](http://island.lk/stock-market-buoyed-by-combanks-successful-debenture-issue/)

The Commercial Bank Sri Lanka’s largest ever debenture issue by a private bank closed after oversubscription on its opening day, this week, raising Rs. 20 billion for Sri Lanka’s biggest private sector bank, and demonstrating investor confidence in the institution.

Announcing the oversubscription, the Bank said it had received applications for over three times the Rs. 10 billion initial issue amount, and has raised Rs. 20 billion by exercising all options.

...



# The government that makes agreements for the future of the country must win the confidence of the people and the opposition

*2024-07-06 01:43:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187795)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe has spoken to the victory of his regime that has rescued Sri Lanka from its international bankruptcy, while still less than a month before the presidential election.. The agreement signed by the Official Credit Committee Committee, which has given bilateral loans to Sri Lanka, has been celebrated in various ways on the International Debt Relief for US $ 580 crore.

The President delivered a special speech to the nation. Fireworks celebrations were held in various cities. The president proudly declared that he was the sculptor of the Economic Recovery of Sri Lanka.

...



# I have informed the Elections Commissioner to hold elections on the appropriate date - the President

*2024-07-06 01:34:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187794)

Mahanayaka of Sri Lanka Ramanya Nikaya has said that the election should be held on the appropriate date and the discussion with the Commissioner of Elections. President Ranil Wickremesinghe told Magulaway Wimala Nayaka Thera.

President of Sri Lanka Ramanya Maha Nikaya, located at Elvitigala Road, Narahenpitiya, visited the headquarters of Sri Lanka Ramanya Maha Nikaya this afternoon. Makuleway met Wimala Mahanayaka Thera and inquired about the welfare and engaged in a short discussion.

Thera, who recited the British and blessed President Ranil Wickremesinghe, presented a souvenir to the President.

...



# The second day of the third phase of the Human Paradise Excavation work took place

*2024-07-06 01:32:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187793)

The second day of the third phase of the Mullaitivu Kokkuttuwai Human Paradise Excavation work took place on Friday (5).

Mullaitivu District Court Judge Dharmalingam Pradeepan, Archaeological Senior Professor Raj Somadeva, Mullaitivu District Legal Officer K Vasudeva, Archeology DepartmentAuthorities, human rights lawyers Ranitha Gnanarasa, VK Nanganjan, and the police and Special Task Force were also present.

A certain part of the Kokkilai Mullaitivu main road has been excavated and there are human remains under it.

...



# University non -academic staff should return to work without disrupting the lives of youth - Dr. Suren Raghavan

*2024-07-06 01:21:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187792)

Higher Education Minister Dr. Suren Raghavan said he would ask for the non -academic staff of all universities to contribute to the duty of the youth who would be responsible for the future of the country.

The Minister of State has promised to provide additional payments for the two -month salary of university non -academic staff and additional time for April, prioritize their demands and submit them to the Udaya Seneviratne Committee and cover the 2025 budget.

Minister of Higher Education Suren Raghavan made this statement at a media briefing held at the Presidential Media Center on Friday.

...



# The government's democratic violations cannot continue - Professor GL Peiris

*2024-07-06 01:18:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187791)

In this case, the provincial council and the local government elections have already been delayed and the people have been violated as a nuclear atom.. Professor GL Peiris said that the United People's Power has attacked a petition in a manner that does not accommodate such democratic violations.

He further stated at a press conference held at the Opposition Leader's Office in Colombo on Friday (5).

...



# In the current situation, the best choice is to distrust the presidential election - CV Wigneswaran

*2024-07-06 01:15:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187790)

The Tamil People's National Alliance parliamentarian CV Wigneswaran said that as the country's economy is gradually recovering, it should not be re -adopted to ensure that the presidential election will be the best decision to regain the presidential election.

A fundamental violation petition has been filed in the Supreme Court by businessman CD Lnava seeking to prevent the presidential election as being planned until the presidential election is being issued on the day of the presidential election.

...



# Divisional Secretaries and Pradeshiya Sabha Secretaries

*2024-07-06 00:55:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187789)

Douglas Devananda, Co -Chairman and Minister of Fisheries, said that the Divisional Secretaries and Pradeshiya Sabha Secretaries should pay attention to the illegal activities.

He was speaking on Friday (5) when he was held on Friday (5) when the Jaffna District Government Agent Mr. Pratipan was held on Friday (5) at the chairmanship of the District Coordinating Committee of the District Coordinating Committee and the Governor of the North, Mrs. Charles.

When discussed in the last meeting, he said the matter was investigated when the progress of illegal activities was being carried out in illegal excavation and illegal relevance.

...



# Emirates announces exclusive fares for Sri Lankan travellers booking trips to Europe and USA

*2024-07-06 00:51:00*

[islandlk](http://island.lk/emirates-announces-exclusive-fares-for-sri-lankan-travellers-booking-trips-to-europe-and-usa/)

Emirates has announced special fares exclusive to Sri Lanka, enabling travellers from Colombo to enjoy journeys to Europe and North America while flying better.Inclusive of 20 popular destinations, the special fares allow Emirates customers to reap savings while enjoying the airline’s world-class services across all cabins.

...



# Cinnamon Hotels & Resorts to present highest concentration of Asian elephants in one location

*2024-07-06 00:51:00*

[islandlk](http://island.lk/cinnamon-hotels-resorts-to-present-highest-concentration-of-asian-elephants-in-one-location/)

Cinnamon Hotels & Resorts introduces ‘The Gathering of Giants,’ an immersive educative weekend from 9th – 11th August 2024 at Cinnamon Habarana Complex, a unique event aimed to transform the annual natural phenomenon of the world’s largest gathering of Asian elephants – the ‘Elephant Gathering’ into a celebrated and educational experience for all. This spectacular gathering, recognised as the highest concentration of Asian elephants in a single location, occurs at Minneriya National Park, where the Minneriya tank sustains more than 300 elephants during the dry season.

...



# The body of the fisherman was shore

*2024-07-06 00:42:28*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/மீனவரின்-சடலம்-கரையொதுங்கியது/175-339933)

Yall. Police said the body of a fisherman on the Velanai beach was on the shore.

A 46 -year -old fisherman from Velanai, Thrissur, was found dead on the coast of Suruvil yesterday.



# Bogollagama calls upon Sri Lankan diaspora in UK to foster development through reconciliation

*2024-07-06 00:40:18*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/Bogollagama-calls-upon-Sri-Lankan-diaspora-in-UK-to-foster-development-through-reconciliation/56-763918)

Sri Lanka High Commissioner to the United Kingdom, Rohitha Bogollagama joined “The Global Unity Dinner (GUD)”, an annual event spearheaded by Regent Group at The Dorchester Hotel on 3 July.

The Global Unity Dinner serves as a focal point for encouraging unity, peace, and understanding across different nations and communities. The event was hosted by Regent Group CEO and Co-Founder Dr. Selva Pankaj, a diverse educational group based in London which offers education, skills and training development as well as consulting services to both the private and public sectors.

...



# Madurika Joseph Weninger assumes duties as first Sri Lankan Ambassador to Romania

*2024-07-06 00:39:38*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/Madurika-Joseph-Weninger-assumes-duties-as-first-Sri-Lankan-Ambassador-to-Romania/56-763917)

The First Resident Ambassador of Sri Lanka to Romania Mariez Enid Madurika Joseph Weninger assumed duties on 2 July 2024 at the Embassy of Sri Lanka in Bucharest. She was received on arrival at the Henri Coanda International Airport in Bucharest by a special representative from the Protocol Division of the Romanian Ministry of Foreign Affairs.

Addressing the Embassy staff, Ambassador Weninger emphasised the importance of working as a team to advance national interests and the welfare of Sri Lankans, while also enhancing the friendly relations between Sri Lanka and Romania.

...



# High Commissioner to Maldives Ranga Goonawardena presents credentials

*2024-07-06 00:38:32*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/High-Commissioner-to-Maldives-Ranga-Goonawardena-presents-credentials/56-763916)

The newly appointed High Commissioner of Sri Lanka to the Republic of Maldives Ranga Goonawardena presented his credentials to the President of Maldives Dr. Mohamed Muizzu on 1 July at the President’s Office in Malé.

The Sri Lankan High Commissioner received a ceremonial welcome that included a guard of honour and a traditional cultural procession “Haiykolhu” performed by the Maldives National Defence Force (MNDF). The High Commissioner’s spouse Ishani Goonawardena and Minister Counsellor of the High Commission of Sri Lanka in Malé D. Amanulla were present during the presentation of credentials.

...



# Ministerial Consultative Committee approves Orders containing code of conduct for JPs

*2024-07-06 00:37:54*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/Ministerial-Consultative-Committee-approves-Orders-containing-code-of-conduct-for-JPs/56-763915)

Regulations for the Justice of the Peace (appointments, suspensions, cancellation and code of conduct) by the Justice, Prisons Affairs and Constitutional Reforms Minister under the Judicature Act No. 2 of 1978 received the approval of the Ministerial Consultative Committee on Justice, Prisons Affairs and Constitutional Reforms.

The said approval was granted at the Ministerial Consultative Committee on Justice, Prisons Affairs and Constitutional Reforms held recently in Parliament Chaired by Dr. Wijeyadasa Rajapakshe, PC.

...



# Model Non -academic staff should come to work

*2024-07-06 00:37:39*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/கல்விசாரா-ஊழியர்கள்-பணிக்கு-வரவேண்டும்/175-339932)

Higher Education Minister Dr. Suren Raghavan said, "I urge all the non -academic staff of all universities to do so without further disrupting the lives of the youth who are responsible for the future of the country."

State Minister Suren Raghavan said this at a media briefing held at the Presidential Media Center yesterday. As he further stated,

Over 14,600 non -academic staff of 17 universities and 19 united degree institutions in this country have been engaged in a total of 65 days.. The tragic reflection of the country's future is to disrupt the lives of 250,000 youths and waste their time.

...



# 8 billion relief for Sri Lanka

*2024-07-06 00:25:47*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/இலங்கைக்கு-8-பில்லியன்-டொலர்-நிவாரணம்/175-339931)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe said that the loan of $ 05 billion from bilateral credit providers will be received from bilateral credit issuers and will be cut off the $ 03 billion loan for the country's consensus.

Under the National Working National Program for Rs.

Accordingly, the President said this while addressing 463 land guarantees at the auditorium of the North Western Provincial Council Kurunegala yesterday morning.. As he further stated,

When the country's economy collapsed, people lost hope. Today this area should thank the MPs. They have forgotten that their homes have been on fire and have come forward to do good.

...



# 1403 suspects arrested

*2024-07-06 00:10:49*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/1403-சந்தேக-நபர்கள்-கைது/175-339930)

1403 suspects have been arrested within 24 hours during the second phase of the Special Roundtable Survey.

Police Media Spokesperson Senior Deputy Inspector General of Police Nihal Talduwa said that 57 of them have been detained for further investigations.



# EDB leads industry and academia collaboration to improve R&D for export market in construction, power and energy sectors

*2024-07-05 23:27:53*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/EDB-leads-industry-and-academia-collaboration-to-improve-R-D-for-export-market-in-construction-power-and-energy-sectors/34-763914)

The Sri Lanka Export Development Board (EDB, in collaboration with the Engineering Faculty of the University of Moratuwa (UoM), has launched a new program to integrate the construction, power and energy industries with university research projects to address challenging research questions with real-world applications.

...



# Ninth ‘Construction Power and Energy Expo 2024’ kicks off at BMICH

*2024-07-05 23:27:16*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/Ninth-Construction-Power-and-Energy-Expo-2024-kicks-off-at-BMICH/34-763913)

Sri Lanka’s most focused construction, interior products, lighting, power and energy exhibition – ‘Construction Power and Energy Expo 2024’ kicked off yesterday at the BMICH. It will conclude On Sunday.

...



# Hayley’s Kelani Valley Plantations represents Sri Lanka at 10th World Water Forum in Bali

*2024-07-05 23:26:18*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/Hayley-s-Kelani-Valley-Plantations-represents-Sri-Lanka-at-10th-World-Water-Forum-in-Bali/34-763912)

Hayleys Plantations Sector Head Dr. Roshan Rajadurai (far right), speaking during the Executive Roundtable Dialogue at the 10th World Water Forum

Hayleys Plantations Sector Head Dr. Roshan Rajadurai, speaking during the Executive Roundtable Dialogue at the 10th World Water Forum

Hayleys Plantations Sector Head and Kelani Valley Plantations PLC (KVPL) Managing Director Dr. Roshan Rajadurai represented Sri Lanka at the recently concluded 10th World Water Forum held in Bali.

...



# SLASSCOM and IIT Madras Pravartak forge strategic partnership to boost startup ecosystem in country

*2024-07-05 23:25:17*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/SLASSCOM-and-IIT-Madras-Pravartak-forge-strategic-partnership-to-boost-startup-ecosystem-in-country/34-763911)

SLASSCOM and IIT Madras Pravartak have inked a landmark Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) aimed at enhancing collaboration and fostering innovation in Sri Lanka’s startup ecosystem.

The agreement was facilitated by Dr. Shankar Raman from IIT Madras Pravartak and SLASSCOM Chairman Jehan Perinpanayagam, Rajendra Moortha and SLASSCOM Vice Chair Nishan Mendis.

...



# Lumala makes debut at International Industry Expo 2024

*2024-07-05 23:24:24*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/Lumala-makes-debut-at-International-Industry-Expo-2024/34-763910)

In its pursuit to enhance environmental health and inspire an active lifestyle throughout the Sri Lankan community, City Cycle Industries Manufacturing Ltd., also known as Lumala, recently participated at the International Industry Expo 2024, organised by the Ministry of Industries (MOI) and the Industrial Development Board (IDB).

One of the most sought after events in the country, the International Industry Expo 2024, held from 19 to 23 June at the BMICH, brought together tens of hundreds of exhibitors from diverse industry sectors, showcasing their products and innovations to visitors from over 20 countries.

...



# The Global South sees Five Principles of Peaceful Coexistence as relevant and important norm

*2024-07-05 23:22:26*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/columns/The-Global-South-sees-Five-Principles-of-Peaceful-Coexistence-as-relevant-and-important-norm/4-763909)

Seven decades ago, the late Chinese Premier Zhou Enlai first put forward the Five Principles of Peaceful Coexistence namely mutual respect for sovereignty and territorial integrity, mutual nonaggression, mutual noninterference in each other’s internal affairs, equality and mutual benefit, and peaceful coexistence.

On 28 June 2024, China proudly commemorated its 70th anniversary for successfully carrying forward these principles, which has been seen by the world as an inevitable historic development and milestone of the new world of international relations.

...



# Sabry in Japan highlights Sri Lanka’s commitment to women’s participation across all societal levels

*2024-07-05 23:20:28*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/opinion/Sabry-in-Japan-highlights-Sri-Lanka-s-commitment-to-women-s-participation-across-all-societal-levels/14-763908)

Expresses gratitude to Japan for important supportive role played in external debt restructuring process as a co-chair of Official Creditor Committee

Foreign Affairs Minister Ali Sabry this week in Japan underscored the country’s commitment to enhancing women’s participation across all societal sectors.

He made these remarks during his official visit to Japan from 1 to 7 July, when he asserted the importance of the Women, Peace, and Security (WPS) framework, highlighting its role in achieving sustainable international peace, security, and development.

...



# Was Sri Lanka’s COVID-19 response a success?

*2024-07-05 23:10:51*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/opinion/Was-Sri-Lanka-s-COVID-19-response-a-success/14-763902)

The systemic stigmatisation of minority religious groups during a global health crisis not only violates medical ethics but also exacerbates societal divisions, especially in a country scarred by decades of civil war

...



# Debt restructuring and current economic trends: Discussion with CB Governor and Treasury Secretary

*2024-07-05 23:06:32*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/opinion/Debt-restructuring-and-current-economic-trends-Discussion-with-CB-Governor-and-Treasury-Secretary/14-763901)

Central Bank Governor Dr. Nandalal Weerasinghe gestures during the interview conducted by President’s Media Division Director General Dhanushka Ramanayake whilst Finance Ministry Secretary Mahinda Siriwardana looks on

Following are excerpts of a special discussion on “Debt restructuring and current economic trends” with Central Bank Governor Dr. Nandalal Weerasinghe and Finance Ministry Secretary Mahinda Siriwardana, moderated by President’s Media Division Director General Dhanushka Ramanayake.

...



# Beyond the floods and droughts: Sri Lanka’s journey to sustainability

*2024-07-05 23:03:05*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/columns/Beyond-the-floods-and-droughts-Sri-Lanka-s-journey-to-sustainability/4-763900)

Sri Lanka is considered a hotspot for climate change impacts. Over the past 20 years, the country has experienced frequent natural disasters, predominantly floods and droughts. According to the Climate Risk Index 2021, which measures a country’s exposure and vulnerability to extreme weather events, Sri Lanka ranks 30th out of 180 countries in terms of vulnerability.

...



# Eliminating Political Corruption: The Key To Our Recovery

*2024-07-05 23:01:12*

[colombotelegraphcom](https://www.colombotelegraph.com/index.php/eliminating-political-corruption-the-key-to-our-recovery/)

Sri Lanka is grappling with a severe cost-of-living crisis rooted in pervasive political corruption. Political intermediaries profit at every stage, shifting the burden onto consumers. The economy has plummeted due to corrupt leaders using the government to further personal agendas and misusing public funds on unproductive projects while simultaneously selling national assets and depleting public reserves. Under such deceptive governance, our future hard work and increased taxes will be in vain, offering no relief to ordinary citizens as corrupt politicians continue to siphon off surplus funds.

...



# Transforming enterprise risk management for sustainable and climate-friendly businesses

*2024-07-05 22:53:27*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/columns/Transforming-enterprise-risk-management-for-sustainable-and-climate-friendly-businesses/4-763899)

Entrepreneurs and businesses need to transform their risk management frameworks and proactively adapt to a changing climate

...



# Elections should be held on the appropriate date: President

*2024-07-05 22:36:25*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/உரிய-திகதியில்-தேர்தலை-நடத்த-வேண்டும்-ஜனாதிபதி/175-339929)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe said that the election should be held on the appropriate date and explained the matter with the Commissioner of Elections.

President of Sri Lanka Ramanya Maha Nikaya, located at Elvitigala Road, Narahenpitiya, visited the headquarters of Sri Lanka Ramanya Maha Nikaya this afternoon. Makuleway met Wimala Mahanayaka Thera and inquired about the welfare and engaged in a short discussion.

Thera, who recited the British and blessed President Ranil Wickremesinghe, presented a souvenir to the President.

...



# The President should hold elections on the appropriate date - President

*2024-07-05 22:36:25*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/உரிய-திகதியில்-தேர்தலை-நடத்த-வேண்டு-ஜனாதிபதி/175-339929)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe said that the election should be held on the appropriate date and explained the matter with the Commissioner of Elections.

President of Sri Lanka Ramanya Maha Nikaya, located at Elvitigala Road, Narahenpitiya, visited the headquarters of Sri Lanka Ramanya Maha Nikaya this afternoon. Makuleway met Wimala Mahanayaka Thera and inquired about the welfare and engaged in a short discussion.

Thera, who recited the British and blessed President Ranil Wickremesinghe, presented a souvenir to the President.

...



# Sri Lankan-origin Uma Kumaran elected to UK Parliament

*2024-07-05 22:27:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100324/sri-lankan-origin-uma-kumaran-elected-to-uk-parliament)

Uma Kumaran, daughter of a couple who sought refuge in the United Kingdom after having fled Sri Lanka at the height of the civil war, on Friday scripted history by becoming the first-ever Tamil woman to enter the British Parliament.

Born and raised in London, Uma Kumaran is the first ever member of parliament for Stratford and Bow. Her parents hailed from Jaffna in the war-torn northern province of Sri Lanka and belong to a family that had deep connections with trade unions. They came to London in the 1980s.

A member of the Labour Party, Uma Kumaran polled over 19,000 votes and defeated her nearest rival by over 12,000 votes.

...



# A train jumps derails

*2024-07-05 22:16:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198524)

Thereafter, the night postal trains traveling from Badulla to Colombo Fort.



# Foreign Minister Ali Sabry to visit Singapore

*2024-07-05 22:04:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100323/foreign-minister-ali-sabry-to-visit-singapore)

Sri Lanka’s Foreign Minister Ali Sabry is scheduled to undertake an official visit to Singapore from 07 to 08 July 2024, on an invitation extended by the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Singapore Dr. Vivian Balakrishnan.

During the visit, Minister Ali Sabry will engage in bilateral discussions with his Singapore counterpart with a view to strengthening the multifaceted relations between the two countries, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs said.

The Foreign Minister is also scheduled to take part in the Reuters NEXT Asia-Pacific Summit – 2024 that will take place on 09 July in Singapore.



# President says he notified Election Chief that poll must be held on scheduled date

*2024-07-05 21:39:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100322/president-says-he-notified-election-chief-that-poll-must-be-held-on-scheduled-date)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe has informed the Chief Prelate of Ramanna Maha Nikaya, Most Ven. Makulewe Wimala Nayaka Thero that he had notified the Election Commissioner on the need to hold the Presidential Election on the scheduled date.

“I have officially notified the Election Commissioner that the election should proceed as scheduled,” he was quoted as saying by the President’s Media Division.

Wickremesinghe also told the Chief Prelate that back in 2015, he had proposed reducing the President’s term in office from 6 years to 5 years.

...



# Mawbima Can Begin National Program

*2024-07-05 21:38:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198523)

Entreimed Dilith Jayaweera says that everyone who does not take a service for the country, it should be motivated by the working community for the country.

He was speaking at the National Program to motivate people with special needs as a project of the motherland.

It was launched by the leader of the Mawbima People's Party leader Dilith Jayaweera.

"A person who worked closely with disability community for a long time. This community is an example for Sri Lanka. It is the one who started the "Mawbima ',' Mawbima '.  අපිට ඕනේ මෙය දීර්ඝ කාලීන වැඩක් විදිහට ලංකාව තුළ දියත් කරන්න."

...



# Millionaire businessman who imports cocaine caught

*2024-07-05 21:04:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198522)

The Police Narcotics Bureau has been arrested by the Police Narcotics Bureau.

The suspect was arrested while hiding and was arrested in Nawala and found a luxury car from the house where the rented base.

The police said that it is registered with a strong speech artist.

The suspect had told the investigation into the investigation and the balance was to be purchased.



# Message for Kataragama

*2024-07-05 20:50:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198521)

Police have issued a statement informed of the vehicle of pilgrims in the historic Devalaya in Kataragama Maha Devalaya.



# Beginning with Anti Mare's Wimbledon Frequent

*2024-07-05 20:19:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187787)

Wimbledon Priya, the winner of 3 Olympic medals, including the Grand Slam Champion title and 3 Olympic medals, began with a doubles defeat.

Australian pair John Pierce and Rinky Higigata lost 2 straights (6 - 7, 4 - 6) in the men's doubles match on Thursday night.

With this failure, he shed tears and started his farewell.

In the mixed double -to -match match, the pair with Emma Raduganu will oppose the pair of Marcilo Ariwalo (El Selvador) and Zung Shuwai (China).

...



# Sri Lanka SIS warned not to grant wage hike for protesting University staff: State Minister

*2024-07-05 20:09:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-sis-warned-not-to-grant-wage-hike-for-protesting-university-staff-state-minister-171116/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka’s State Intelligence Service (SIS) has warned the government not to grant a salary hike to protesting non-academic staff at the island nation’s state universities as it is a part of a greater plot, State Higher Education Minister Suren Raghavan said.

The State Minister’s revelation comes after more than two month of protest by the non-academic staff crippling the smooth operations in the island nation’s state universities.

...



# Refer to the suspect in the murder suspect

*2024-07-05 19:56:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198520)

The CID has revealed that the Administrative Public Health Inspector of Elpitiya has been assassinated by the target.

The shooter's goal is a police inspector at the adjoining house adjoining public health inspector, who is murdered.

The Mt.

He has said that he was assaulted by Inspector Dupimity Balandringman, who was attached to the unresolved criminal investigation division.

On October 9 last year, the police officer was killed while attending a case and returned.

There have been many other murders in the interrogation by the suspect.

...



# EXPLAINER: Impact of Labour-led UK government on Sri Lanka

*2024-07-05 19:18:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/explainer-impact-of-labour-led-uk-government-on-sri-lanka-171111/)

ECONOMYNEXT – The centre-left Labour Party won a massive majority in the 650-seat United Kingdom parliament while Prime Minister Rishi Sunak’s Conservative Party suffered the worst performance in the party’s long history as voters expressed their frustration over high cost of living crisis, failure in public services, and a series of scandals.

So far Labour has won 412 seats, while the Conservatives have slumped to just 120 and centrist Liberal Democrats have taken 71.

...



# Qatar Airways to increase Colombo-Doha flight frequency

*2024-07-05 19:17:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100321/qatar-airways-to-increase-colombo-doha-flight-frequency-)

Qatar Airways will be increasing its Sri Lanka-Doha flights from the current five-daily flights schedule to six-daily flights, starting 10 July 2024.

"The increase in flights further demonstrate the award-winning airline’s dedication to providing more choices and better connectivity for all passengers flying to and from Sri Lanka", a statement added.

...



# I was proposed to reduce the time of 6 to five years

*2024-07-05 19:11:06*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/ජනපතිධුරයේ-කාලය-වසර-6-සිට-5කට-අඩු-කිරිමට-යෝජනා-කළේ-මමයි/11-410629)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe said that the election should be held on the due date and had explained the matter with the Commissioner of Elections and to the Commissioner of Elections.

The President visited the Mahanane Thera in Narahenpita, the General Manage of the Ramanya Nikaya, Narahenpita, the General Manage of the Ramanya Nikaya.

The General Leader Thero presented a souvenir to the President of Seth and blessed President Ranil Wickremesinghe.

President Ranil Wickremesinghe further said,

...



# 2024 World Arted Intelligence Technological Summit in Shanhai

*2024-07-05 18:47:10*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/technology/2024-ලෝක-කෘත්‍රිම-බුද්ධි-තාක්ෂණ-සමුළුව-චීනයේ-ශැංහයි-නුවර-දී/5-410628)

2024 World Artal Intelligence Conference and Accreditation Conference on Global Administration of Artificial Intelligence. The conferences began in Shanghai in Shanghai yesterday.

Chinese Prime Minister Lee Chang, Mr. Lee Charing, emphasized that it is necessary to provide opportunities for various countries for the development of artificial intelligence technology. He added that China is ready to expand and ensure global development and welfare of the people through that collaboration.

...



# CCD Inspector and Constable arrested while accepting bribe

*2024-07-05 18:46:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100320/ccd-inspector-and-constable-arrested-while-accepting-bribe)

An Inspector of Police and a Constable attached to the Colombo Crimes Division (CCD) have been arrested by officers of the Commission to Investigate Allegations of Bribery or Corruption (CIABOC) while accepting a bribe of over Rs. 150,000.

The Bribery Commission stated that the two suspects, who were apprehended inside the CCD premises in Dematagoda, had solicited a sum of Rs. 450,000 as a bribe and were apprehended while accepting the final payment of over Rs. 150,000 out of that.

...



# Schoolgirl and 3 others arrested for assault

*2024-07-05 18:39:37*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/පාසල්-සිසුවෙකු-නිරුවත්-කර-පහරදුන්-පාසල්-සිසුවෙක්-ඇතුළු-3ක්-අල්ලයි/11-410627)

A fifteen-year-old schoolgirl has been arrested by a sixteen-year-old schoolgirl who had been abducted and fired from the jungle law, Ambalangoda, police said.

Both of the suspects were the sixteen year old schoolgirl, two-year-old schoolgirl, and thirty-year-old residents of Ambalangoda.

The fifteenteen-year-old schoolgirl was using the sixteen year old schoolgirl and the suspects were questioned by the suspects to buy a bus packet and stolen a mobile cloud on that evening.The fifteen year old suspects have been sent to her home.

...



# The first Tamil woman to win the British election

*2024-07-05 18:07:04*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/உலக-செய்திகள்/பிரிட்டன்-தேர்தலில்-வெற்றிப்-பெற்ற-முதல்-தமிழ்-பெண்/50-339916)

The main opposition party, the main opposition party, has won the British parliamentary election. The Labor Party has won 410 seats in 650 seats and Rishi Sunak's Conservative Party has won 119 seats. Other parties have won 112 seats.

In the British parliamentary election, Uma Kumaran, Gavin Haran, Mayuran Senthilnathan, Kamala Kugan, Devina Paul, Narani Rudra Rajan, Krishni and Zahir Hussein contested a total of 8 Tamils.

In the meantime, Uma Kumaran, a Tamil origin, contested the London Standboard constituency on behalf of the Labor Party in the British parliamentary election.

...



# Ordinary Level Aesthetic Technologies August

*2024-07-05 17:32:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198519)

The Examinations Department announces that practical tests pertaining to the GCE Ordinary Level examination will commence from 9th August.

The Department of Examinations said that 169,007 candidates will be held on August 19.

The Department of Examinations has further stated that it is utilized by both the written tests and practical tests to determine the final results of aesthetic subject.

The Department of Examinations has informed the issuance of the subject for the candidates who do not appear.



# Yall. Chavakachcheri Hospital affair;Former city council member Kishore arrested

*2024-07-05 17:20:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187772)

The Chavakachcheri police have been arrested by the Chavakachcheri police for allegedly attempting to mobilize people in front of the Chavakachcheri Hospital on Friday (05).

Following the appointment of a new Medical Superintendent to the Chavakachcheri Resource Hospital recently, he had taken some action in the welfare of patients in some hospitals.

As a result, there were contradictions between the hospital superintendent and the doctors working in the hospital.

...



# Sri Lanka foreign reserves rise to $5642mn June after IMF loan

*2024-07-05 17:16:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-foreign-reserves-rise-to-5642mn-june-after-imf-loan-171100/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka’s forex reserves rose 221 million dollars to 5,642 million US dollars in June 2024 from a month earlier.

In June the International Monetary Fund approved a review making available about 336 million dollars to Sri Lanka.

There has been some volatility in the exchange rate in after earlier excess liquidity from dollar purchases.

Sri Lanka operates a so-called flexible exchange rate, which is neither a clean float nor a hard peg and has anchor conflicts.

...



# 7 g - Review

*2024-07-05 17:11:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187771)

Actors: Sonia Agarwal, Smriti Venkat, Roshan Bashir, Siddharth Vipin, Sneha Gupta, Subramaniam Siva, Kalki Raja and many others.

Did this ghost film '7G', directed by director Haroon, directed the film 'Web', scared the fans?Or not?We will continue to see.

...



# Firing on the person who tried to escape

*2024-07-05 17:08:07*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/தப்பிச்-செல்ல-முற்பட்ட-நபர்-மீது-துப்பாக்கிச்-சூடு/175-339915)

The police have fired a man who tried to escape into a motor vehicle after colliding with a three -wheeler who went to arrest a drug dealer.

Police said he was arrested when he was admitted to the hospital after being injured in the footage of the man in the shooting.

A group of Athurugiri police officers went to the Piliyandala area last night (04) to arrest a drug dealer.

The police said that when the police officers tried to arrest them, the police said that they had received a report that a person had come there with a drug.



# The shooting of the untitled movie starring actor Darshan

*2024-07-05 17:08:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187765)

The film crew has been enthusiastically announced that the shooting of the unnamed film, which is playing the hero of the famous actor Darshan's story through Ajith Kumar's 'Tharabi'.

Darshan, Arsha Baiju, Kalaiyarasan, Deena, Vinodhini Vaidyanathan and many others star in the director's directorial director.. The film is being produced by Play Smith Studios, composed by Rajesh Murukesan.

The film crew said that the shooting of the film has been completed and the post -shooting technical work will begin soon.



# Global Environment Facility funds chemical disposal project in Sri Lanka

*2024-07-05 17:06:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/global-environment-facility-funds-chemical-disposal-project-in-sri-lanka-171094/)

ECONOMYNEXT – The Ministry of Environment has been granted 5 million dollars by the Global Environment Facility (GEF) for a chemical disposal project in Sri Lanka.

A workshop was held to launch the project to dispose of POP pesticides in the agriculture sector and mercury and waste in the healthcare sector.

Even though Sri Lanka does not manufacture products which contain POPs or mercury, many products containing these substances are imported to the country for various uses every year.

...



# Sir Keir Starmer officially becomes UK’s prime minister

*2024-07-05 16:58:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100318/sir-keir-starmer-officially-becomes-uks-prime-minister)

Sir Keir Starmer has officially become the UK’s new prime minister after a meeting with the King.

The Labour leader had his meeting in Buckingham Palace after Rishi Sunak stepped down following the worst ever general election result for the Conservatives.

Sir Keir now takes over as the first Labour prime minister in 14 years - and the seventh Labour prime minister ever.

Much of the country was turned red overnight, with Mr Sunak conceding defeat just before 5am on Friday and Sir Keir claiming victory shortly after.

...



# A fuel crisis in Pakistan

*2024-07-05 16:57:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198518)

Pakistan Petroleum Sellen Association (Pakistala Petroleum Sellers) is said to publish a strike from the country to the country.

It is reported that the reason for discussion with authorities over their issues is to be completed.

In line with the strike, over 13,000 filling stations throughout the country will be stopped.

The crisis has caused this crisis based on a newly introduced tax.



# Pakistan fuel supply disrupted as dealers strike over new taxes

*2024-07-05 16:54:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100317/pakistan-fuel-supply-disrupted-as-dealers-strike-over-new-taxes)

A number of fuel stations were closed across Pakistan on Friday morning following a strike called by petroleum dealers against a new taxation measure introduced by the government to boost revenue and cover its financial shortfall.

The Pakistani government has set a challenging revenue collection target to help clinch an International Monetary Fund bailout but faces public anger over new taxes, including taxes on dealers, which were introduced in the annual budget last month.

...



# Sri Lanka stocks close up, turnover remains low

*2024-07-05 16:48:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-stocks-close-up-turnover-remains-low-171080/)

ECONOMYNEXT – The Colombo Stock Exchange closed up on Friday, data on its site showed.

The broader All Share Index closed up 0.17 percent, or 20.84 points, at 11,947; while the more liquid S&P SL20 Index closed up 0.01 percent, or 0.39 points, at 3,505.

Turnover was low at 472 million. This was the lowest since January.

“People are trying to digest what the economic impact will be once the ISB restructure is put in place,” Softlogic Stockbrokers said.

Activity levels on banking stocks was sidelined today after they took a beating yesterday as the sector is expected to be the most impacted, they said.

...



# Actor Vignesh is playing a double role 'Red Flower'

*2024-07-05 16:46:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187760)

The film 'Red Flower' will be released at the film mansion in September, starring actor Vignesh's double role in Tamil fans with 'East Seemele'.

Vignesh, Manisha Jashani, Nasser. G. Mahendran, Suresh Menon, John Vijay, Ajay Ratnam, Leela Samson, 'Thalawasal' Vijay, Mohan Ram and many others have been cast.

K. Santosh Ram has composed the film, which is being recorded by Deva Surya.Producer K.. He has made the gem.

...



# Sri Lanka rupee closes stronger at 304.45/75 to US dollar

*2024-07-05 16:38:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-rupee-closes-stronger-at-304-45-75-to-us-dollar-171084/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka’s rupee closed slightly stronger at 304.45/75 to the US dollar on Friday, down from 304.60/80 to the US dollar on Thursday, dealers said, while bond yields were unchanged.

A bond maturing on 15.12.2026 closed stable at 10.70/85 percent.

A bond maturing on 15.03.2028 closed stable at 11.80/90 percent.

A bond maturing on 15.09.2029 closed stable at 11.95/12.05 percent.

A bond maturing on 01.12.2031 closed at 12.15/30 percent. (Colombo/Jul5/2024)



# Now, the resolving the problems of the people has begun - President

*2024-07-05 16:33:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198516)

The President has relieved of $ 8 billion under the restructuring process of the debt.

President Ranil Wickremesinghe added that the bilateral creditors of $ 5 billion, which has agreed to a loan of $ 3 billion in respect of the restructuring process.

The President points out that the people of the country have been able to provide $ 8 billion to the people of the country.

The President made these comments addressing the ceremony at the North Western Agency (05) of the 73,143 qualifications of the Kurunegala district.

The President added that the Kurunegala district is widely developed under a new development plan with a new economy.

...



# Edappadi Palanisamy accuses Tamil Nadu BJP leader Annamalai

*2024-07-05 16:24:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187763)

“It is only after the arrival of Annamalai that the BJP has grown up. That is not true. In fact, the BJP's vote percentage is declining, ”Edappadi Palanisamy has accused Tamil Nadu BJP leader Annamalai.

Edappadi K.. Palanisamy said,

“BJP state president Annamalai has made some criticism of the AIADMK. We have already clarified the boycott of the by -election for the AIADMK Vikravandi constituency. However, Annamalai has spoken to the AIADMK.

If the AIADMK contested this election, the party would have come to three or fourth, he said. He is a mattress educated. The biggest political wise man. He is like that.

...



# Dates announced for O/L practical exams of aesthetic subjects

*2024-07-05 16:15:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100315/dates-announced-for-ol-practical-exams-of-aesthetic-subjects)

The Department of Examinations has announced the dates for the practical tests of aesthetic subjects of the 2023 (2024) G.C.E. Ordinary Level examination.

Accordingly, the practical exams for Music, Dancing and, Drama and Theatre will be held from July 09 to July 19, 2024, Exams Commissioner General Amith Jayasundara said.

However, the listening test for Western Music is scheduled to be held on July 14 (Sunday), according to Mr. Jayasundara.

Meanwhile, the department mentioned that the admission cards of school and private applicants sitting for the practical tests would be delivered by post in the near future.

...



# 'I'm released on bail from' me '

*2024-07-05 16:14:38*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/‘මගෙන්-රටට’-සංවිධානයේ-සභාපති-ඇප-මත-මුදාහරියි/11-410626)

The Chairman of the Organization Sanjaya, who is charged with public displeasures and hatred of law enforcement senior police officers, has been released on bail this afternoon.

He was arrested on June 28 and remanded until today (05).



# Sri Lanka to receive total debt relief of USD 8 billion through restructuring

*2024-07-05 16:07:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100314/sri-lanka-to-receive-total-debt-relief-of-usd-8-billion-through-restructuring-)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe has announced that the debt restructuring process will include USD 5 billion in loan interest relief from bilateral creditors and a USD 3 billion debt write-off from commercial creditors providing the country with a total relief of USD 8 billion.

Wickremesinghe revealed this while addressing the ‘Urumaya’ Freehold Land Deed Ceremony held in Kurunegala today (05), the President’s Media Division (PMD) said.

President Ranil Wickremesinghe emphasized that true socialism lies in granting free land rights to the people, dismissing mere talk about socialism.

...

