# #SriLanka :sri_lanka: News Bulletin

<div id="news_lk_bulletin">

*Updated* **2024-06-29 08:10:26**

🔹Sri Lanka arrests 137 Indian nationals for financial fraud and cheating on the internet.
🔹More than 1,280 kg of drugs, including ice drugs, heroin, and cannabis, will be destroyed using a high-drug burning oven in the Vanathaviluwa Lactos estate.
🔹Eight school children hospitalized in Sri Lanka due to a displeasure caused by eating cashew nuts.
🔹Several thin showers and thundershowers will occur in the Western, Sabaragamuwa, and Northwestern provinces, as well as in the Ampara and Batticaloa districts, Trincomalee, Trincomalee, and Moneragala Districts, and the western slopes of the central hills.
🔹Sierra Cables PLC maintains a solid A+ (lka) rating with a stable outlook from Fitch Ratings, despite challenging economic conditions.
🔹The stock market registered a downward trend yesterday mainly due to political instability, despite the government's effort at stabilizing the economy with the signing of the MOU with external creditors.
🔹Field Marshal Sarath Fonseka's military and political experiences continue to be invaluable assets, according to President Wickremesinghe.
🔹President Wickremesinghe is the sole leader capable of rebuilding Sri Lanka's economy and advancing the nation, according to the Chief Prelate of the Kotte Sri Kalyani Samagri Dharma Maha Sangha Sabha.
🔹Samagi Jana Balawegaya (SJB) MP Mujibur Rahman accuses the Cabinet of continuing corrupt practices and alleges that President Wickremesinghe has not taken any steps to put a stop to them.
🔹The United States Commission on International Religious Freedom (USCIRF) has released its latest report on Sri Lanka.

</div>

[Previous](data) Bulletins

## Methodology

This bulletin has been autogenerated by MistralAI's [mistral-large-latest](https://mistral.ai/news/mistral-large/) model, with the following [prompt](src/news_lk_bulletin/core/NewsBulletin.py):

*Aggregate these news articles into 10 bullets of information that will be practically useful to ordinary Sri Lankan citizens. EXCLUDE opinions, advertisements and political messages. ANNOTATE with emojis.*

## Source News

Based on **129** News Articles, from the last **21** hours.

# Chinese cheated on Meemana from Negombo

*2024-06-29 07:19:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198274)

Troops of 30 Chinese have been arrested by the CID.

Police Media Spokesperson DIG Nihal Talduuwa said that they were arrested while staying at a hotel in the Negombo area.

He says that they were arrested on charges of financial fraud.

Meanwhile, 137 Indian nationals were also taken into custody by the charge of cheating on the Internet.

Police Media Spokesperson Inspector General of Police Media Spokesman further stated that many laptops and mobile phones were also taken into custody in their custody.



# 1200 kg of drugs to Wanathavil

*2024-06-29 07:11:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198273)

Police Headquarters says that more than 1,280 kg of drugs completed will be taken to destroy over 1,38 km.

A spokesperson of the headquarters stated that the devastation is being destroyed using the oven in the Vanathaviluwa Lactos estate.

614 kg of ice drugs, 36 kilograms of heroin and 686 m kg.

The drug is to be taken into custody by the Narcotics Base Officers this morning and the Appointment of Wanathawiluwa will be destroyed by the use of high-drug burning oven.

...



# The model has become another Kenya

*2024-06-29 07:03:20*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/இலங்கை-மற்றுமொரு-கென்யாவாக-மாறியிருக்கும்/175-339590)

Kenya is facing massive crisis due to economic issues. So that the killings are taking place. President Ranil Wickremesinghe said the situation in Sri Lanka would have been the case if it had failed to create an economic situation within the country.

The President was speaking at the President's Environmental Awards for 2024 at the Bandaranaike Memorial International Conference Hall in Colombo yesterday.. He further stated that

War did not use. We are demanding that you stop the war in Ukraine. Stop the war in Gaza. Stop that war and create a Palestinian state in five years. Similarly, take action on Israel's security.

...



# The President has published the book Sarath Fonseka

*2024-06-29 06:52:41*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/சரத்-பொன்சேகாவின்-நூலை-வெளியிட்டார்-ஜனாதிபதி/175-339589)

Former Army Commander and Member of Parliament, Field Marshal Sarath Fonseka, who gave the best leadership to conclude the thirty years of war, was held at the Colombo -headed book titled 'Promise to the Commander -in -Chief of the War'.

The first copy of the book was presented to the President by Marshal Sarath Fonseka.

Subsequently, Field Marshal Sarath Fonseka presented a souvenir to the President.

The President congratulated Field Marshal Sarath Fonseka's service, saying that the winning of the war will only be a great service to the country as the face of various political challenges.. (A)



# 8 children were hospitalized

*2024-06-29 06:39:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198272)

Eight school children have been hospitalized due to a displeasure caused by eating a climb.

The police said that these children have eaten castiches in Thasekanamaduadamadu, yesterday.

Meanwhile, there are a 9-year-old boy and 7 girls, police said.

The group is children in the Madhu and Madu police are conducting further investigations.



# Showers in several areas

*2024-06-29 06:04:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198271)

The Department of Meteorology states that several thin closed will occur in the Western, Sabaragamuwa and Northwestern provinces.

Showers or thundershowers will occur at several places in the Ampara and Batticaloa districts of Ampara and Batticaloa districts.

Also, in the western slopes of the central hills, Trincomalee, Trincomalee and Moneragala Districts, Trincomalee, Trincomalee and Moneragala Districts. The Meteorology was stated that the winds could cause about strong winds.



# Straight A Pluses for Sierra Cables from FITCH

*2024-06-29 02:16:00*

[islandlk](http://island.lk/straight-a-pluses-for-sierra-cables-from-fitch/)

Sierra Cables PLC, one of Sri Lanka’s renowned cable manufacturers, has sustained a solid rating of A+ (lka) with a stable outlook for three consecutive years from Fitch Ratings, a leading provider of credit ratings for global markets. Despite the challenging economic conditions both locally and internationally, Sierra Cables’ impressive standing is a testament to the Company’s remarkable financial performance and strategic management decisions which played a pivotal role in maintaining this consistent distinction.

...



# Share market marked by declining trend despite govt.’s economic stabilization effort

*2024-06-29 02:16:00*

[islandlk](http://island.lk/share-market-marked-by-declining-trend-despite-govt-s-economic-stabilization-effort/)

The stock market registered a downward trend yesterday mainly due to political instability despite the government’s effort at stabilizing the economy with the signing of the MOU with external creditors, market analysts said.Amid those developments mixed signals were sent by the main indices.

...



# Field Marshal Fonseka’s military and political experiences continue to be invaluable assets: President

*2024-06-29 02:06:18*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/Field-Marshal-Fonseka-s-military-and-political-experiences-continue-to-be-invaluable-assets-President/56-763640)

Acknowledges Yahapalana Govt.’s decision to honour Fonseka with title of Field Marshal

Field Marshal Fonseka attributes victory in war to collective effort of extraordinary dedication of war heroes

Expresses doubts on if former leaders honoured sacrifices made by both war heroes, people post-war

President Wickremesinghe yesterday expressed confidence in former Army Commander and MP Field Marshal Sarath Fonseka’s enduring commitment to the country and asserted that his military and political experiences continue to be invaluable assets.

...



# President sole leader capable of rebuilding Sri Lanka says Ittapane Dhammalankara

*2024-06-29 02:04:09*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/President-sole-leader-capable-of-rebuilding-Sri-Lanka-says-Ittapane-Dhammalankara/56-763639)

The Chief Prelate of the Kotte Sri Kalyani Samagri Dharma Maha Sangha Sabha Aggamaha Pandita Most Venerable Dr. Ittapane Dhammalankara Maha Nayaka Thera, stated that President Ranil Wickremesinghe is the sole leader capable of rebuilding Sri Lanka’s economy and advancing the nation. The Maha Nayaka Thera who is also and Chancellor of the Sri Jayewardenepura University, emphasised that the President’s program merits the blessings of the entire Maha Sangha.

The Maha Nayaka Thera made these remarks during President Wickremesinghe’s visit to Rukmale Sri Dharma Vijayaloka Maha Viharaya, Kottawa on Thursday.

...



# Mujibur accuses Cabinet of continued corruption

*2024-06-29 01:54:29*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/Mujibur-accuses-Cabinet-of-continued-corruption/56-763638)

SJB MP Mujibur Rahman criticises President for failing to eliminate corruption in Government transactions

Says President’s only recourse to increase revenue appears to be imposing an inexhaustible tax burden on citizens

Emphasises urgent need for President to remove Ministers implicated in fraud and corruption

Samagi Jana Balawegaya (SJB) MP Mujibur Rahman has accused the Cabinet of continuing corrupt practices and alleged President Wickremesinghe has not taken any steps to put a stop to them.

...



# USCIRF releases latest update on religious freedom in Sri Lanka

*2024-06-29 01:53:51*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/USCIRF-releases-latest-update-on-religious-freedom-in-Sri-Lanka/56-763637)

The United States Commission on International Religious Freedom (USCIRF) yesterday released the latest report on Sri Lanka.

...



# LB Finance honored with award at inaugural Digital Trust Awards Night 2024

*2024-06-29 01:28:00*

[islandlk](http://island.lk/lb-finance-honored-with-award-at-inaugural-digital-trust-awards-night-2024/)

LB Finance PLC has proudly secured the merit award at the inaugural Digital Trust Awards Night 2024, held at The Monarch Imperial in Thalawathugoda. The award was given in the “Technology Resilient Company of the Year” category, marking a significant milestone in LB Finance’s history. This recognition celebrates the company’s exceptional commitment to cybersecurity, digital innovation, and the promotion of digital trust.

...



# ComBank wins two Golds at IDB’s Green Industry Awards 2024

*2024-06-29 01:28:00*

[islandlk](http://island.lk/combank-wins-two-golds-at-idbs-green-industry-awards-2024/)

The Commercial Bank of Ceylon won triple honours including two Golds at the Green Industry Awards 2024 presented by the Industrial Development Board (IDB) to recognize success stories in sustainability.Sri Lanka’s first 100% carbon neutral bank, Commercial Bank was presented the Gold for ‘Low carbon and/or climate-resilient production’ for the positive impacts of the Bank’s journey to carbon-neutral status; and the Gold for ‘Green digital and information technologies’ for its success in driving the adoption of digital banking by a wide spectrum of customers, thereby enhancing financial inclusion and reducing environmental impact.

...



# Due to the status of repayment of the loan, Sri Lanka will benefit from $ 17 billion - Ali Sabri

*2024-06-29 00:23:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187224)

Foreign Affairs Minister Ali Sabri said Sri Lanka would benefit from $ 17 billion benefit from the success of the debt reproductive process with bilateral credit providers.

The Minister added that the situation will help you succeed in negotiations on international bailouts.

Minister Ali Sabri said this at a media briefing held at the Presidential Media Center today (28).

“On April 12, 2022, Sri Lanka decided to suspend a certain amount of foreign loans. Some accused the rupee of Rs 600, 700, 1000 against the US dollar. But we controlled that situation.

...



# What are the solutions to the challenges facing the Sri Lankan tea that the dollar brings?

*2024-06-29 00:15:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187223)

...



# Agriculture Minister to submit Cabinet paper to reduce coconut oil prices

*2024-06-29 00:07:50*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/Agriculture-Minister-to-submit-Cabinet-paper-to-reduce-coconut-oil-prices/34-763631)

Agriculture Minister Mahinda Amaraweera on Wednesday confirmed that measures are being taken to address the rise in the price of coconut oil in the market.

Speaking at the Presidential Media Centre he revealed the Government charges Rs. 150 per litre of imported coconut oil at present and he would propose a reduction of this amount via Cabinet paper.

Citing data from the Coconut Development Authority (CDA), he said the annual coconut oil requirement is 25,868 tons. “There are 51,457 tons of coconut oil available within the country,” he said, asserting that the price hike was unwarranted.

...



# Debt Reorganization Agreements with India, China and JapanThe most easy entry for international funding

*2024-06-29 00:07:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187222)

The agreement on Wednesday has signed a consensus on Sri Lanka's bilateral credit restructuring with the official credit issuer and China, including India, Japan and France.Accordingly, on Wednesday evening, the Debt Reorganization Agreement with China was signed in Colombo and Beijing. Contracts were signed in Paris with Japan, France and India.The agreement was signed with India.

This directory level is seen as the most important milestone in Sri Lanka's economic recovery process.This means that these agreements do not have to pay bilateral credit until 2018. There is a relief.

...



# Serendib Flour Mills’ premium range impresses at international culinary extravaganza in Malé

*2024-06-29 00:06:17*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/Serendib-Flour-Mills-premium-range-impresses-at-international-culinary-extravaganza-in-Malé/34-763630)

Serendib Flour Mills Ltd. recently showcased its commitment to quality and innovation at the 18th edition of the Hotel Asia Exhibition and International Culinary Challenge 2024, connecting with industry leaders and potential customers in the Maldives’ thriving hospitality sector.

The premier event was held recently at the Dharubaaruge Exhibition Hall, Usfasgandu and the Maldives National University in Malé.

...



# Empowering healthcare through education: People’s Bank and IIHS partner to support nursing excellence

*2024-06-29 00:05:30*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/Empowering-healthcare-through-education-People-s-Bank-and-IIHS-partner-to-support-nursing-excellence/34-763629)

PB Empowering Healthcare Through Education People’s Bank and IIHS Partner to Support Nursing Excellence

People’s Bank and the International Institute of Health Sciences (IIHS) have formalised a strategic partnership to enhance educational opportunities for nurses under the project “Heda Nena Weduma”. The Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) signing ceremony took place recently at the People’s Bank Head Office in Colombo 2, marking a significant milestone in fostering accessible education in the healthcare sector.

...



# 2024 Study in Korea Education Fair kicks off tomorrow in Colombo with 11 universities

*2024-06-29 00:04:45*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/2024-Study-in-Korea-Education-Fair-kicks-off-tomorrow-in-Colombo-with-11-universities/34-763628)

The Embassy of the Republic of Korea and the National Institute for International Education of Korea in collaboration with the Ministry of Education of Sri Lanka will host its first ever “2024 Study in Korea Education Fair” paving way for Sri Lankan students to explore opportunities for higher studies in Korea.

...



# ComBank boosts digital banking with ‘Pay and Win’ and ‘Transact and Win’ promos

*2024-06-29 00:04:32*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/ComBank-boosts-digital-banking-with-Pay-and-Win-and-Transact-and-Win-promos/34-763627)

The electricity bills of 300 customers will be wiped out, and three customers will each win a tour package for two to Singapore under an exciting new campaign launched by the Commercial Bank of Ceylon to promote the use of ‘ComBank Digital’ – Sri Lanka’s most-used digital banking platform.

The bank has announced that these valuable prizes will be offered under two promotions – ‘Pay and Win’ and ‘Transact and Win’ – that will run till the end of August, and will be open to all existing users of ComBank Digital as well as new registrants that meet the eligibility criteria.

...



# NDB announces Araliya Savings Account promotion

*2024-06-29 00:04:24*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/NDB-announces-Araliya-Savings-Account-promotion/34-763626)

NDB Bank has announced the NDB Araliya Promotion 2024, running until 31 July under the theme ‘Save and Be Gifted’.

This special campaign continues the bank’s tradition of empowering women by encouraging them to save and invest in their futures, offering exclusive rewards as a token of appreciation for their trust and commitment.

...



# Ceylon Green Life Plantation enters food supplement market

*2024-06-29 00:04:16*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/Ceylon-Green-Life-Plantation-enters-food-supplement-market/34-763625)

Guava and agro-cultivators, Ceylon Green Life Plantation Ltd., recently signed up with Ancient Nutra Ltd. to launch a “Deelectaa guava food supplement capsule” for the Sri Lankan market.

...



# US Embassy commemorates 248 years of American independence

*2024-06-28 23:59:42*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/US-Embassy-commemorates-248-years-of-American-independence/56-763624)

US Marines ceremonially presenting US flag to US Ambassador Julie Chung

US Ambassador Julie Chung giving remarks at event to commemorate 248th anniversary of American independence

The US Embassy in Colombo on Thursday celebrated the 248th anniversary of the independence of the United States of America with a festive event hosted by US Ambassador Julie Chung at the Galle Face Hotel.

...



# JICA improves elderly services in Sri Lanka

*2024-06-28 23:57:52*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/JICA-improves-elderly-services-in-Sri-Lanka/56-763623)

The Thailand visiting program for the JICA Project for Capacity Enhancement of Elderly Service Management in the Community in Sri Lanka (ProCEES) was conducted from 26 to 31 May with a view to improving elderly services in Sri Lanka.

JICA brought a delegation of 10 officials from the Ministry of Health and Ministry of Women, Child Affairs and Social Empowerment for this training.

...



# Everystory Sri Lanka holds first public event on women’s movements of Sri Lanka

*2024-06-28 23:56:03*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/Everystory-Sri-Lanka-holds-first-public-event-on-women-s-movements-of-Sri-Lanka/56-763622)

Everystory Sri Lanka on 16 June hosted its first public event on the women’s movements of Sri Lanka at the Colombo Public Library.

This unique trilingual event included public teach-outs, and a series of interactive learning opportunities on the topic facilitated through storytelling, sharing accessible resources, and creating spaces for dialogue. The event drew a crowd of over 300 eager to participate and learn.

...



# Bishop Kirby De Lanerolle to lead 11,500 global free churches in new era of inter-religious harmony

*2024-06-28 23:54:43*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/Bishop-Kirby-De-Lanerolle-to-lead-11-500-global-free-churches-in-new-era-of-inter-religious-harmony/56-763621)

From left: Pr. Upul Janaka, Pr. V. Manogaran Rajah, Bishop Kirby de Lanerolle, Ven. Kollonawe Narada Thero, Ven. Hadigalle Wimasara Thero, Pr. Susil Ranjith, Pr. Anjana Costa, and Pr. Disali Pietersz

The Apostolic Diocese of Ceylon (ADC), in partnership with the Indian National Apostolic Diocese (INA), has announced a significant expansion of its mission globally.

With the new appointment of Bishop Kirby Sinclair de Lanerolle as the General Secretary of the International Independent Apostolic Diocesan Synod (IIADS), with a mandate beyond the 670 churches in Sri Lanka to 11,000 churches in India, the Middle East and the USA.

...



# Bridging Sri Lanka’s “Leadership Deficit”: a conceptual framework for the near-future

*2024-06-28 23:21:47*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/columns/Bridging-Sri-Lanka-s-Leadership-Deficit-a-conceptual-framework-for-the-near-future/4-763612)

The citizenry vote for politicians in the vain hope that ‘this time there will be change for the better’ – Pic by Shehan Gunasekara

Despite the critical engagement of scholars and other writers in the mainstream media attempting to introduce leadership models with countervailing themes such as plurality, inclusiveness, sensitivity, empathy, acute self-knowledge and other ‘softer’ attributes, the essence of political leadership in Sri Lanka in the intervening decade and a half after the end of the so-called ‘ethnic war’ has seen a hardening of positions

...



# Why system change?

*2024-06-28 23:16:34*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/columns/Why-system-change/4-763611)

The time has come to handover the baton to the new generation and not be foolish to underestimate its talent and commitment to remake Sri Lanka into an economically sustainable democracy with rule of law

...



# Sreedharan threatens MP ...

*2024-06-28 23:00:52*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/யாழ்ப்பாணம்/சிறீதரன்-எம்-பிக்கு-அச்சுறுத்தல்/71-339588)

Member of Parliament Sivagnanam Sridharan has been observed today (28) in front of the house in Jaffna.

Video footage recorded in surveillance confirms that the number of non -unidentified persons who have been wearing masks is a planned act that threatens MP Sreedharan and his family, on four hidden motorcycles.. Remble



# Appeal against Hirunika

*2024-06-28 22:24:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198270)

Her lawyers say that the imprisonment of Hirunika Premachandra will be filed against the Court of Appeal.

Former MP Hirunika Premachandra sentenced to three years in prison today (28).

It is in the case of abducting a youth and abusing a youth in 2015.

Accordingly, Ms. Hirunika Premachandra was conquered by 18 accusations and each charge was fined Rs.

Amila Priyanga, who was working in December 21, 2015, Mrs. Hirunika Premachandra, who was a young man and was accused of abducting a young man in Defender.

...



# Powerful 7.2 magnitude earthquake hits southern Peru

*2024-06-28 22:22:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100171/powerful-72-magnitude-earthquake-hits-southern-peru)

(CNN) — At least eight people have been injured after a powerful 7.2 magnitude earthquake struck off the coast of southern Peru overnight Friday at a depth of 28 kilometers (17 miles), according to the United States Geological Survey (USGC).

The quake hit 8 kilometers (5 miles) west of Atiquipa, about 600 kilometers (372 miles) south of the capital Lima.

Some residents of Atiquipa said on social media they felt a very strong and long quake that caused their beds to shake.

CCTV footage from the nearby town of Caraveli shows a residential street as the tremor shakes violently and people come out of their houses.

...



# The responsibility of announcing the bankruptcy of Sri Lanka is not of international financial standards- Minister Ali Sabri responds to opposition parties

*2024-06-28 22:19:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187219)

International Financial Retariting Companies reveal the level of Sri Lanka's debt re -payment capacity development. On the contrary, it will not be revealed whether or not. External Affairs Minister Ali Sabri said the opposition parties should know this and present criticism.

He further stated at the media conference held at the Presidential Media Center on Friday (28).

...



# Govt says Rs. 11.6 billion disbursed to ‘Aswesuma’ beneficiaries for June

*2024-06-28 22:00:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100170/govt-says-rs-116-billion-disbursed-to-aswesuma-beneficiaries-for-june)

Under the “Aswesuma” Welfare Benefit Payment Program, the Welfare Benefits Board has disbursed a total of Rs. 11.6 billion to the bank accounts of 622,495 beneficiaries in the transitional and vulnerable categories yesterday (27) for the payments of June 2024.

In the first phase of the program, eligible beneficiaries in the vulnerable category received Rs. 5,000 from July 2023 to March 31, 2024. Meanwhile, those in the transitional category received Rs. 2,500 from July 2023 to December 31, 2023.

...



# Written by Field Marshal Sarath Fonseka

*2024-06-28 21:44:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187221)

Former Army Commander and Member of Parliament, Field Marshal Sarath Fonseka, who gave the best leadership to conclude the thirty -year war - Promise to the Army Commander - Written by President Ranil Wickremesinghe on Friday (28), titled "The War will remain up to the Commander -in -Chief."Held in the gallery.

The first copy of the book was presented to the President by Marshal Sarath Fonseka.

Field Marshal Sarath Fonseka then presented a souvenir to the President.

The President praised Field Marshal Sarath Fonseka's service, saying that the victory of the war will only be a great service to the country in the future.

...



# Top US Treasury official to visit Sri Lanka next week

*2024-06-28 21:43:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100169/top-us-treasury-official-to-visit-sri-lanka-next-week)

U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Deputy Assistant Secretary (DAS) for Asia Robert Kaproth is scheduled to visit Sri Lanka next week.

He is scheduled to meet government officials, think tanks, and financial sector leaders in Sri Lanka during the visit.

“We look forward to welcoming US Treasury Deputy Assistant Secretary Robert Kaproth back to Sri Lanka next week to meet with government officials, think tanks, and financial sector leaders.”

“DAS Kaproth’s visit underscores U.S. commitment to supporting Sri Lanka during this crucial period,” U.S. Ambassador to Sri Lanka Julie J. Chung said in a post on ‘X’.

...



# Fonseka's promise to the President

*2024-06-28 21:39:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198269)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe says that the country needs to provide another service from MP Field Marshal Sarath Fonseka, MP's Field Marshal Sarath Fonseka.



# Powerful earthquake at 7.2 magnitude in Peru

*2024-06-28 21:06:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187220)

The earthquake has been recorded on a magnitude 7.2 magnitude in the seas of Peru.

A tsunami warning has been issued due to the earthquake. This is why people are afraid.

Video of the CCTV footage recorded during the earthquake has been shared on social networks. The video features shocking scenes along the Earth parked on the street.

Similarly, the lights inside the house were shaken by the earthquake. A related video has been released. The rocks on the mountain fell on the Pan-American highway due to an earthquake in Karaveli.. It is noteworthy that traffic in the area has been affected.



# Upcountry Railway Track restores

*2024-06-28 20:26:42*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/උඩරට-දුම්රිය-මාර්ගයේ-ධාවන-කටයුතු-යථා-තත්ත්වයට-/11-410495)

The upcountry railway line from the Panatawala Railway Station at the Colombo Fort to Badulla was restored from 2 pm.

The upcountry railway track was held three hours due to two wheels of the Front of the Small Menike train.

The train was restored from 2 pm from 2 pm after the wheels of the staff of the small gem enclosure.

All passageway trains on the Kandyan railway line were stopped at the Galabada and Hatton Railway Station until the filled train.



# Suspect arrested in Murder of Murder

*2024-06-28 20:22:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198268)

The murder was arrested in connection with the murder of a funeral in Balapitiya, Ambalangoda.

He was also taken into custody that the suspect was a disciple of the victim.

The suspect had confession to the police and had a casual affair with his wife on several occasions with the blocks of the mulletin.



# 18 crores drugs in 13 bottles of coordy protein

*2024-06-28 20:19:54*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/කායවර්ධන-ප්‍රෝටීන්-බෝතල්-13ක්-තුළ-කෝටි-18ක-මත්ද්‍රව්‍ය/11-410494)

Botau, a large quantity of "Kush", a large number of bottles of protein, and cocaine sucks of coach and cocaine is a stock of cocaine, which is used to develop their meats.Customs Drug Adminment Officers have been recovered by the officers of the Customs Drug Administration and the officers of the Customs Drug Administration.

The stock of drugs were prepared as six parcels and sent to Kadawatha from US to Kadawatha and the fake addresses in Colombo.

...



# Officers who ignore Tharushi's Olympics

*2024-06-28 19:52:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198267)

Sri Lanka's sports authorities are able to qualify for the Olympic Games to facilitate the Olympics to attend the Olympics.

The news is an injustice to the Athletic Authority of Athletic Authority, an athletic 19, is an outstanding athlete, who is the Olympic Framework.

The Athletics Championships that ended on the Paris Olympics to be eligible to qualify for the Olympic Hold in July.

It was also known as Ashi Ashi Karunaratne in the 800 meter events near the Olympic Cap.

48 players around the world will be eligible for the 800mmary of the Paris Olympics Women's Mem Day.

...



# Bird fever in Sri Lanka?

*2024-06-28 19:37:44*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/இலங்கையில்-பறவைக்-காய்ச்சல்/175-339587)

Health officials have confirmed that an Indian citizen who came to Sri Lanka has been admitted to the hospital after showing signs of fever.

Although the Indian citizen is suspected of having a fever, he has no bird fever, but in influenza is confirmed.. Remble



# Sri Lanka could face unrest as in Kenya if economic stability not established: President

*2024-06-28 19:33:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-could-face-unrest-as-in-kenya-if-economic-stability-not-established-president-170170/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka’s president has pointed to Kenya’s current struggle with a severe economic crisis and incidents of violence, and said economic preparedness in all nations was a crucial need.

“Recent riots in Kenya, where around 20 people have been shot dead, highlight the consequences of economic instability. If we do not establish economic stability in Sri Lanka, we could face similar unrest,” President Ranil Wickremesinghe said.

Wickremesinghe was speaking at the Presidential Environment Awards ceremony at the Bandaranaike Memorial International Conference Hall (BMICH) in Colombo on Friday.

...



# Fonseka will record historical victory in politics

*2024-06-28 19:23:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187218)

Field Marshall Sarath Fonseka's service is not going to end as a military commander or Member of Parliament. He still has opportunities to serve the country. President Ranil Wickremesinghe said he hoped that he would record historical victory in the political arena, not only in the war.

Field Marshall Sarath Fonseka's 'Promise to the Army Commander'. Speaking at the event as a special guest at the event, the President added that this was said.

...



# Cocaine and Kush cannabis worth over Rs. 190M inside ‘whey protein’ containers

*2024-06-28 19:11:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100168/cocaine-and-kush-cannabis-worth-over-rs-190m-inside-whey-protein-containers)

Officers of the Sri Lanka Customs Narcotics Control Unit have seized cocaine and ‘Kush’ cannabis estimated to be worth nearly Rs. 160 million found inside 6 parcels during inspections carried out at a courier clearance station in Seeduwa.

A total of 2,030 grams of cocaine and 2,177 grams of ‘Kush’ cannabis were found inside several whey protein powder containers packed in the parcels, which had been sent from Canada and America to addresses in Colombo and Kadawatha.

However, following investigations conducted regarding the respective addresses, it has been revealed that those addresses are fake.

...



# Sri Lanka implements Banking (Amendment) Act No. 24 of 2024

*2024-06-28 19:02:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-implements-banking-amendment-act-no-24-of-2024-170160/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka’s central bank announced that the Banking (Amendment) Act No. 24 of 2024, which aims to strengthen the legal and regulatory framework applicable for licensed commercial banks and licensed specialised banks, is in effect from June 15.

“These amendments were formulated with a view to further strengthening the legal and regulatory framework applicable for licensed commercial banks and licensed specialised banks to enhance the resilience of the banking sector of Sri Lanka,” CBSL said in a statement.

...



# Inmates who were brought to court

*2024-06-28 19:01:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198266)

Prison officials have been puspected by two inmates in Kuruwita prison to the Tulhiriya Magistrate's Court today (28).

The suspects have fled handcuffs and Warakapola Police are conducting further investigations.

One suspect is a resident of Roshan Asanka, another residents of the Suspect, and the other suspect named JDKnna Prabodo.

The suspects have a number of cases in courts in Pelmadulla, Attanagalla, Horana and Warakapola.

Police said that the assistance of police dogs were also supported for the investigation investigations.



# If Sri Lanka could not build the economy of Sri Lanka, Sri Lanka would have become another Kenya - President

*2024-06-28 18:52:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187217)

Kenya is facing massive crisis due to economic issues. President Ranil Wickremesinghe said that it would be imperative to prepare the economy of a country, and that if the economic situation failed to create an economic situation within the country, the situation would have been the case.

The President was speaking at the President's Environmental Awards for 2024 at the Bandaranaike Memorial International Conference Hall in Colombo.

“The President also said that the debt of the economic weak African regional countries that faced climate change should be abolished.

...



# Extending Explanation for Keheliya

*2024-06-28 18:32:30*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/கெஹலியவுக்கு-விளக்கமறியல்-நீடிப்பு/175-339586)

Seven suspects, including former health minister Keheliya Rambukwella, have been remanded until July 12.

The order was issued after the suspects were produced before the Magistrate's Court today.

However, a suspect in connection with the incident has been released on bail. Remble



# A powerful earthquake in Peru

*2024-06-28 18:18:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198265)

Units in the sea area of ​​the sea area in the middle of the central Peru-Termination of ATIQUIPA. Foreign media reports that 2 has been recorded.

Tsunami warnings with the earthquake have been issued and then removed.

Peru is considered to be a hundred-year-old country.



# Prashant's 'Anthan'

*2024-06-28 17:55:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187209)

The film crew has announced that the film 'Anthakan' will be released in August, which will be released in August.

Prashant, Karthik, Simran, Priya Anand, Samudrakani, Urvasi, Yogi Babu. S.. Ravikumar, Vanitha Vijayakumar and many others have been cast. Santosh Narayanan has composed the film, which has been recorded by Ravi Yadav. The film is being produced by producer Shanti Thiagarajan on behalf of Star Movies.

...



# Vijay Antony's 'Hitler' released in August

*2024-06-28 17:54:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187208)

The film crew has been enthusiastically announced that the film 'Hitler' is scheduled to be released in August.

Directed by director Tanasekaran, directed by director Tanasekaran, directed by 'Vaanam Kottanam', Vijay Antony, Riya Suman, Gautam Vasudev Menon. The film, which is being recorded by Naveen Kumar, has composed the film. The film is being produced by Vivek-Mervin.

The film crew has said that the film is scheduled to be released in August, which will be completed and waiting for the release.

...



# The new song release of 'Alan' will be released

*2024-06-28 17:46:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187207)

The song 'Alan', which is played in the role of the actor's success story, has been released as a song and a song for the song 'Nation Leave Come ..'.

Director r. The film 'Alan', which is being produced by Siva, starred Tafia Mathura, Lal, Vivek Prasanna, Karunakaran and many others.. Manoj Krishna has composed the film, which has been recorded by Vindan Stalin. The film was made on behalf of 3S Pictures Company. Siva has produced.

...



# KS Ravikumar starrer 'You Are Next'

*2024-06-28 17:39:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187205)

Director and actor gay. S.. Ravikumar's first role in the film 'Yours Next' was held in Chennai.

Gay in the film 'You Are Next'. S.. Ravikumar, Rachita Mahalakshmi, Udaya, Janani, Dinesh, Divya Krishnan, Harshad, KP Y Vinod, Rafi, 'Bullet' Sami. K. G. Vasant is composing the music hood for the film, which is being recorded by Rathish.

The film is being produced by Mohideen Abdul Qadar and Mani on behalf of Imack Films Pvt Limited and Sky Frames Entertainment.

...



# An increase in inflation

*2024-06-28 17:36:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198264)

Inflation, which was 0.9% in May 2024, has increased to 1.7% in May 2024.



# Colombo’s consumer price inflation increases in June

*2024-06-28 17:36:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100167/colombos-consumer-price-inflation-increases-in-june)

The overall rate of inflation as measured by the Colombo Consumer Price Index (CCPI) on Year-on-Year basis has increased to 1.7% in June 2024, compared to 0.9% in May 2024, according to the Department of Census and Statistics.

Meanwhile food inflation has increased to 1.4% in June 2024, compared to 0.0% in May 2024 while non-food inflation has climbed to 1.8% in June 2024, compared to 1.3% the previous month.



# Canada and America's drug parcels

*2024-06-28 17:31:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198263)

The Sri Lanka Customs Drug Administration Unit has inspected six parcels suspected to have been drugged in the Currie Production Clearance of the Currie Production Clearance.

Cocaine has found 2,030 drugs and 25,177 grams of Kashine in the parcels.

These parcels have been sent to people of residents of Canada and from US to residents of Kadawatha.

Investigations into the addresses have revealed that the addresses were fake.

The Sri Lanka Customs Drug Advancement said that the market value of these drugs was nearly Rs. 190 million.

The drug will be handed over to the Narcotics Division for further investigations.



# Threatening to free comments in Batticaloa district - Anuragumara Dissanayake

*2024-06-28 17:23:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187203)

The National People's Power President Anura Kumara Dissanayake said that the threat that is not free to express their opinions in the Batticaloa district is being issued by Pillaiyan.

Sajith is the leader of the party with the name of former President Premadasa. Sajith Premadasa is not even a member of the Batticaloa Municipal Council if his father was not a former president.

The Batticaloa District Conference of the Sri Lanka Teachers Service Association was held on Thursday afternoon at the William Hall in Batticaloa.

...



# Many Sri Lanka mercenaries have become Russian citizens: Foreign Minister

*2024-06-28 17:22:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/many-sri-lanka-mercenaries-have-become-russian-citizens-foreign-minister-170089/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Many Sri Lankan mercenaries fighting in the Ukraine front have become Russian citizens, making it difficult to give them diplomatic support, Foreign Minister Ali Sabry said.

So far 446 complaints have been lodged by family members asking for government help to bring back menfolk trapped in the Ukraine warfront, he said.

“They have taken Russian citizenship at the moment,” Sabry told reporters on Friday explaining the difficulties faced by Sri Lanka in getting back citizens.

...



# Sri Lanka rupee closes weaker at 306.00/20 to US dollar

*2024-06-28 17:19:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-rupee-closes-weaker-at-306-00-20-to-us-dollar-170105/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka’s rupee closed weaker at 306.00/20 to the US dollar on Friday, down from 305.70/90 to the US dollar on Thursday, dealers said, while bond yields were down.

A bond maturing on 15.12.2026 closed at 10.95/11.15 percent, down from 11.00/30 percent.

A bond maturing on 15.02.2028 closed at 11.90/98 percent, down from 11.85/12.05 percent.

A bond maturing on 15.09.2029 closed at 12.20/30 percent, up from 12.15/30 percent.

A bond maturing on 01.06.2033 closed at 12.35/50 percent down from 12.35/95 percent.



# 137 Indians arrested in Sri Lanka over massive online financial scam

*2024-06-28 17:00:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100166/137-indians-arrested-in-sri-lanka-over-massive-online-financial-scam)

Sri Lanka Police says a total of 137 Indian nationals who are allegedly part of a group engaged in a large-scale online financial scam operation have been arrested by the Criminal Investigations Department (CID) within yesterday (27) from multiple locations in the country.

Police Media Spokesman DIG Nihal Thalduwa stated that in Negombo, 55 suspects were detained, along with the seizure of 55 mobile phones and 29 laptops.

In Kochchikade, 53 suspects were apprehended, and authorities seized 31 laptops and 58 mobile phones.

...



# Keheliya and seven others further remanded

*2024-06-28 16:54:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100165/keheliya-and-seven-others-further-remanded)

Former Minister of Health Keheliya Rambukwella and 07 others have been further remanded until 12 July by the Maligakanda Magistrate’s Court over the import of substandard human Immunoglobulin vials.

This order was issued when the case was taken up before the Maligakanda Magistrate today (28).

A suspect in the incident, an officer of the Medical Supplies Division (MSD), has been released on bail.



# Sri Lanka stocks close down, Sampath Bank pushes turnover

*2024-06-28 16:47:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-stocks-close-down-sampath-bank-pushes-turnover-170093/)

ECONOMYNEXT – The Colombo Stock Exchange closed down on Friday, data on its site showed.

The broader All Share Index closed down 0.37 percent, or 45.03 points, at 12,143; while the more liquid S&P SL20 Index closed down 0.36 percent, or 12.83 points, at 3,588.

A large part of this came from a crossing on Sampath Bank Plc which contributed in total 1 billion to the day’s turnover. The share closed down at 78.30.

“There were 4 crossings today, which contributed more than 50 percent of the turnover,” Softlogic Stockbrokers said.

...



# 11.6 billion rupees to provide allowances to two sections of the Aswesuma Scheme

*2024-06-28 16:46:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187197)

The Welfare Trusts Council released Rs 11.6 billion on Thursday (27) for the deposit of 622,495 beneficiaries under the Intermediate and Vulnerable sections under the Assembly Welfare Program.

In the first phase of this program, the payment of the impact of the impact is Rs.

President Ranil Wickremesinghe has advised the period to issue a special allowance for beneficiaries selected under sections affected by the Ashemus Welfare Payment Program, considering the current economic crisis.

...



# Keheliya further remanded

*2024-06-28 16:44:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198262)

Seven suspects including former Minister Keheliya Rambukwella and seven suspects have been remanded until July 12.

The suspects have been submitted to the Maliganda Magistrate's Court.

A suspect in the incident has been released on bail.



# A special allowance for beneficiaries

*2024-06-28 16:43:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198261)

The Welfare Board has issued a sum of Rs.

It is said that the bank accounts were released yesterday (27) at 622,495 overall beneficiaries.

5,000 per year to qualified beneficiaries in the event. 03. 2,500 per certificates under the transition group cost Rs 223. 12. Steps were taken to 31.

Accordingly, President Ranil Wickremesinghe has advised the Welfare Benefit Board until December this year.

It has been decided to pay a special allowance for the monthly and vulnerable categories for June 2024, to December 2024, to December 2024 to pay Rs.

...



# Bird flu in Sri Lanka?

*2024-06-28 16:43:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187196)

A patient suspected of being suffering from bird flu has been identified, sources said.

Bird fever is also known as Avian Influenza. It is caused by a type of influenza virus that can affect humans.One of them is H5N1.



# Is the election speech?Real relief?- Speaking to Ranil Wickremesinghe's people

*2024-06-28 16:27:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187194)

Sri Lankan President Ranil Wickremesinghe has announced the highly anticipated debt agreement with bilateral creditors. However, many researchers have said that this is an attempt to increase its support before the upcoming election, in response to the real economic status of the country, which is still in poor condition.

On Wednesday, the President announced the compliance with Sri Lanka's major bipartisans, including Japan and India. He announced on Wednesday.

These debt processing measures are based on the International Monetary Fund's plan to restore Sri Lanka's micro -economic stability.

...



# Train derailment;Mountain Rail Services Victim

*2024-06-28 16:11:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187191)

The Nawalapitiya Railway Control Room said that a train derailment near the Vattawala railway station has been affected by hill station services.

The 'Podi Menike' train from Colombo Fort to Badulla was derailed at around 11.00 am today.

The Nawalapitiya Railway Control Room further stated that work on rehabilitation of the derailment train is underway.



# Sri Lanka CEB workforce to be revised: Minister

*2024-06-28 16:09:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-ceb-workforce-to-be-revised-minister-170072/)

ECONOMYNEXT – The workforce of the state-owned utility provider, the Ceylon Electricity Board, will  be restructured to reduce future hires, Sri Lanka’s Minister of Power and Energy has said.

“The existing approved carder of 26,000+ will be revised to reduce the number of employees recruited in the future,” Kanchana Wijesekera said on x (twitter).

“A new salary structure, a performance based incentive system & a promotion system will be introduced to the CEB employees in the next few weeks,” the minister said.

...



# Emergency Notice of Colombo People

*2024-06-28 16:06:28*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/கொழும்பு-மக்களுக்கு-அவசர-அறிவிப்பு/175-339585)

The Water Supply and Drainage Board said that water supply will be disrupted for 15 hours tomorrow.

According to the council, the water supply will be disrupted from 9.00 am to 12 pm tomorrow.

The water supply ban will be implemented by the Colombo, Dehiwala, Fort, Kaduwela Municipal Council, Maharagama, Boralesgamuwa, Kolonnawa Municipal Council, Kotikawatte and Mulleriya Pradeshiya Sabha.

The Drainage Board also states that the water supply to the Moratuwa municipalities will be supplied with low pressure.. Remble



# Speaker testified the Electricity Bill

*2024-06-28 15:57:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187187)

Speaker Mahinda Yapa Abeywardena made his signature on Thursday (27).

The Bill was aimed at implementing the reforms for electricity industry on April 25, 2024, to Parliament on April 2524. Subsequently, the bill was taken up for debate in Parliament on the 6th and was passed by 44 additional votes.

Accordingly, the Bill is implemented as the Sri Lanka Electricity Act No. 36 of 2024.



# The number of Indians who were arrested up

*2024-06-28 15:49:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198260)

Attorney at Law, police spokesman, Nihal Talduuwa said that 137 Indian nationals were arrested yesterday.



# Sri Lanka pays Aswesuma beneficiaries Rs11.6bn for June

*2024-06-28 15:46:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-pays-aswesuma-beneficiaries-rs11-6bn-for-june-170064/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka’s Welfare Benefits Board has disbursed 11.6 billion rupees to the bank accounts of 622,495 beneficiaries under the Aswesuma scheme for June.

In the first phase of the program, beneficiaries in the ‘vulnerable’ category received 5,000 rupees from July 2023 to March 2024.

Those in the ‘transitional’ category received 2,500 rupees from July to December.

The existing payment system for the ‘extremely poor’ and ‘poor’ categories will continue without changes, Jayantha Wijeratne Chairman/Commissioner of the Welfare Benefits Board said.

Sri Lanka to expand Aswesuma benefits to around 40-pct of population ahead of polls

...



# The bus fare is decreasing

*2024-06-28 15:31:36*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/பேருந்து-கட்டணம்-குறைகின்றது/175-339584)

The bus fare has been reduced by 5 per cent from July 1.

Accordingly, the minimum bus fare will be reduced by 2 rupees, and the new minimum bus fare will be reduced to 28 rupees.. Remble



# Emergency appeal of Mannar Public Organizations for those who lost their land for heavy soil excavation

*2024-06-28 15:30:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187181)

President of the Union VS Sivakaran has requested that those who lost their land for the excavation of heavy soil in Mannar be contacted with the Union of Mannar Public Organizations.

He further stated in a media statement issued today (28)

Various complaints have been received that the land is being seized by local land agents for heavy soil excavations in the Mannar Nagar Divisional Secretariat Division.. Some groups accuse the land of ordinary people, using political influence and power.

...



# Derailment disrupts train services on up-country line

*2024-06-28 15:30:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100164/derailment-disrupts-train-services-on-up-country-line)

Train services along the up-country railway line have been disrupted owing to the derailment of the ‘Podi Menike’ train near the Watawala Railway Station, the Nawalapitiya Railway Control Room said.

The accident took place today (28) at around 11.00 a.m. while the train was plying from Colombo Fort to Badulla.  The control room further stated that several wheels of the train’s front engine have derailed.

The work related to restoring the ‘Podi Menike’ train has already commenced, a spokesman said.



# We don't want such relief - President

*2024-06-28 15:26:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198259)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe says Sri Lanka's foreign policy should be completely eliminated in Africa's low income agencies in Africa's low-income countries in Africa.

Sri Lanka does not need such concessions and Sri Lanka has strength and knowledge to continue to manage the debt.

President Ranil Wickremesinghe addressing the 2024 Presidential Awards Ceremony at the Bandaranaike International Memorial Conference Hall today (28).



# Permission to the Ministry Advisory Committee for the Regulations of Behavior for Peace Magistrates

*2024-06-28 15:17:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187183)

The two regulations made by the Minister of Justice, Prison Affairs and Constitutional Reforms were approved by the Ministry of Justice, Prison Affairs and Constitutional Reorganization under the Judicial Act No. 2 of 1978, including the appointment, suspension, cancellation and conduct of peace.

The Ministry Advisory Committee headed by Minister of Justice, Prison Affairs and Constitutional Reforms Vijayadasa Rajapaksa was granted this permission in Parliament recently.

...



# Bus fares down

*2024-06-28 15:09:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198258)

The bus fares have been reduced by 5 percent from July 1.

Accordingly the minimum bus fare will be reduced by Rs. 2 and the new fare is Rs. 28.

The decision has been taken following a discussion with the Minister and Minister Bandula Gunawardena regarding the annual bus fare revision.



# Bus fares to be reduced by 5%

*2024-06-28 15:09:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100163/bus-fares-to-be-reduced-by-5)

A decision has been taken to reduce bus fares by 5% with effect from July 01.

Meanwhile, the minimum fare has been reduced by Rs. 2 to Rs. 28.

The bus fares have been reduced under the annual fare revision, and as agreed during a meeting between Transport Ministry officials and private bus operators earlier today (28).



# Two former Security Ministers of China are exposed from the Communist Party for alleged corruption

*2024-06-28 14:54:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187171)

Former China's former defense ministers Lee Shangfu and Wei Fenga were expelled from the ruling Communist Party yesterday (27). Chinese media reports that they have been expelled from the party due to corruption allegations.

Wei Feenga held the post of Defense from March 2018 to 2023 March 11th March. The next day Lee Shankbu was sworn in as Defense Minister.

Last August two months, he disappeared from public view. When he was questioned what happened to him, it was announced last October that Lee Shangfu had been removed from the post of Defense Minister.

...



# Sanjaya to Mahawatta Prison

*2024-06-28 14:49:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198257)

The Chairman of the Organization "to the country" has been remanded until July 05, who was arrested by the Terrorism Investigation Division.



# Irudayapura incident - Thirumalai Diocese Bishop

*2024-06-28 14:42:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187176)

The most sad incident of the Muttur heart (Sahayapuram) has taken place to question the justice, social welfare and human rights, said the christian Naul Emmanuel year of the Trincomalee diocese.

In the past days, the people of the village have taken place against the opening of the liquor school in Muttur. In this case, 15 civilians involved in the demonstration have been arrested and released on bail.

In a media statement sent to the media of the Trincomalee Diocese of the Diocese of Trincomalee, the Emmanuel Emmanuel Anniversary Media, said.

...



# Parliament to debate debt restructuring agreements next week

*2024-06-28 14:37:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100162/parliament-to-debate-debt-restructuring-agreements-next-week)

The Committee on Parliamentary Business has decided to debate the Resolution for the Implementation of External Debt Restructuring Agreements on July 2nd and 3rd, according to the Chief of Staff and Deputy Secretary General of Parliament.

This has been decided in the Committee on Parliamentary Business held this morning (28), under the chairmanship of Speaker Mahinda Yapa Abeywardena and with the participation of Prime Minister Dinesh Gunawardena.

Accordingly, the Parliament is scheduled to meet on Tuesday the 2nd of July at 9.30 am and it has been decided to hold the debate until 5.00 pm.

...



# Sri Lanka former legislator sentenced to rigorous imprisonment

*2024-06-28 14:29:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-former-legislator-sentenced-to-rigorous-imprisonment-170035/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka’s Colombo High Court has sentenced former Member of Parliament Hirunika Premachandra to three years rigorous imprisonment for the abduction of a man in 2015.

The young man was abducted in a black Defender car and threatened in Dematagoda, on December 21, 2015.

Premachandra was found guilty of 18 of the 29 charges against her, Sri Lanka Police said. Its Colombo Crimes Division investigated the matter.

Premachandra, now a member of the main opposition Samagi Jana Balavegaya (SJB), was at the time a legislator of the Yahpalanaya (good governance) coalition government.

...



# Debt on Debt Restruct Concentration Tuesday

*2024-06-28 14:29:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198256)

Debt Restriction Agreement Debate will be held in Parliament in Parliament on July 2 and 3.

Meanwhile, a special meeting of Parliament has been summoned to Parliament at 9.30 am on July 2.

At the request of the Prime Minister, the 16 Standing Orders of Parliament has been called in accordance with Standing Order.

Mr. Speaker Mahinda Yapa Abeywardena announced that he is requested to attend all MPs to attend.



# Sri Lanka economic stability under President reduced renewable power prices: Minister

*2024-06-28 14:21:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-economic-stability-under-president-reduced-re-prices-minister-170029/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Economic stability achieved by Sri Lanka under President Ranil Wickremesinghe and policy changes had reduced renewable purchase prices, Energy Minister Kanchana Wijesekera said after investors bid steeply lower rates in a competitive tender in June, compared to earlier negotiated rates.

“The key factor is the economic & political stability that the President & the Government has brought in and the positive policy changes & legal frame work changes established in the sector..,” Minister Kanchana Wijesekera said in an x.com post.

...



# Sri Lanka economic stability under President reduced renewable power prices: Minister

*2024-06-28 14:21:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-economic-stability-under-president-reduced-renewable-power-prices-minister-170029/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Economic stability achieved by Sri Lanka under President Ranil Wickremesinghe and policy changes had reduced renewable purchase prices, Energy Minister Kanchana Wijesekera said after investors bid steeply lower rates in a competitive tender in June, compared to earlier negotiated rates.

“The key factor is the economic & political stability that the President & the Government has brought in and the positive policy changes & legal frame work changes established in the sector..,” Minister Kanchana Wijesekera said in an x.com post.

...



# Train derailment

*2024-06-28 14:20:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198254)

The train derailment has been interrupted due to the uproventing train on the Upcountry railway line.

The Nawalapitiya Railway Control Room stated that the demanded was near the Sunday railway station from Colombo Fort to Badulla.

The accident had taken place around 11 (28th) and several wheels of the train had a few wheels in the front engine.

Work on the train in primary genera is launched.



# Japan is preparing to resume projects in Sri Lanka

*2024-06-28 14:02:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198253)

Japanese Ambassador to Sri Lanka's Japanese projects will be resumed after signing the Memorandum of Understanding (Undahabharaya) after signing the Memorandum of Understanding.

At a press conference held in Colombo today, he said Sri Lanka will commend the signing of bilateral creditors to the restructuring agreements of debt.

The ambassador also said that Japan continues to support the restoration of Sri Lanka's economy.

...



# Joint working committee with Russia proposed to deal with Sri Lanka mercenaries

*2024-06-28 13:52:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/joint-working-committee-with-russia-proposed-to-deal-with-sri-lanka-mercenaries-170008/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka has proposed a joint working committee with Russian officials to deal with hundreds of ex-soldiers deployed in the Russia’s war with Ukraine, the island’s embassy in Moscow said.

Returnees and families of the ex-soldiers have complained that they were misled into going to Russia as camp helpers and then they were forced to fight in the frontlines.

“Sri Lanka proposed to establish a joint working committee comprising of officials from the two sides to meet regularly to address issues and concerns of the Sri Lankans who have been deployed,” the embassy in Moscow said.

...



# There will be none of the elections

*2024-06-28 13:33:29*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/දීමනා-නොඳුන්නොත්-මැතිවරණවලට-බලපාවි/11-410492)

The All Ceylon Free Grama Niladhari Union says that if the authorities have not taken the approved allowance of the Grama Niladharis during this year, the All Ceylon Free Grama Niladhari Association Sujeewa Liyanage said.

All duties have been abandoned by the Grama Niladhari and the Grama Niladhari, demanding the approval from gazette, the Grama Niladhari Trade Union Bureau, which was abstaked by gazetting and the amendments.Was engaged.

...



# Lotus is still closed today

*2024-06-28 13:31:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198252)

It is due to a protest march organized by the Bank of Ceylon Bank Employees Union.



# Lotus Road in Colombo closed due to protest

*2024-06-28 13:29:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100159/lotus-road-in-colombo-closed-due-to-protest)

Lotus Road in Colombo has been closed for traffic due to a protest march by the Ceylon Bank Employees’ Union (CBEU).



# Water cut tomorrow

*2024-06-28 13:26:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198251)

The National Water Supply and Drainage Board says that the water cut will be imposed tomorrow (29) in Colombo.

Accordingly, the water will be suspended for a 15-hour water from 9 am to 12 midnight.

The National Water Supply and Drainage Board further stated that the water supply is suspended in Colombo, Dehiwala, Mount Lavinia, Kotte, Boralesgamuwa, Kotte and Mulleriyawa Pradeshiya Sabha areas.

The National Water Supply and Drainage Board says that water will be provided with drop in the Moratuwa Municipal Council area.

...



# Ban against 27 Australians, including former prime ministers - Russia announces

*2024-06-28 13:16:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187170)

Russia has announced sanctions against 27 people, including two former prime ministers in Australia.

Russia has announced sanctions against 27 people, including former Prime Minister Tony Abod John Hawart, Australia's former prime ministers to carry out the anti -Russian agenda.

Australia has announced sanctions against the executive officials of politicians and major corporations.

The Russian Foreign Ministry has warned that if the Australian government does not abandon the anti -Russian agenda, many more people will be added to the ban.

...



# Today's currency exchange rate

*2024-06-28 13:10:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187168)

The US dollar purchasing price was Rs.



# Those arrested in Muttur released on bail

*2024-06-28 12:46:11*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/திருகோணமலை/மூதூரில்-கைது-செய்யப்பட்டவர்கள்-பிணையில்-விடுதலை/75-339582)

Fifteen suspects arrested on suspicion of protest against the liquor store in Muttur - Irudayapuram area have been granted bail by the Muttur court on Friday (28).

The case was taken at the Muttur Magistrate's Court through the Movement Application on behalf of the opponents. All those arrested were subjected to an identification parade with more than a hundred people in the open court in the presence of Magistrate's Court Judge HM Dasneem Bausan.. Later, each was released in a bodies worth Rs.

...



# 15-hour water cut in Colombo and suburbs

*2024-06-28 12:45:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100158/15-hour-water-cut-in-colombo-and-suburbs)

The National Water Supply and Drainage Board (NWSDB) announced that a 15-hour water cut will be imposed for several areas including Colombo and suburbs tomorrow (29).

Accordingly, the water supply will be suspended from 9 a.m. tomorrow (29) until 12 midnight in Colombo, Dehiwala, Mount Lavinia, Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte, Kaduwela Municipal Council area, Maharagama, Boralesgamuwa, Kolonnawa Urban Council area and Kotikawatte-Mulleriyawa Pradeshiya Sabha area.

Meanwhile, for the Moratuwa Municipal Council area, the water supply will be under low-pressure conditions.

...



# Active Assets Act of Law Academic Act

*2024-06-28 12:39:38*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/නීති-විරෝධිව-උපයාගත්-වත්කම්-රාජ-සන්තක-කරන-පනත-ලබන-මස-පාර්ර්ලිමේන්තුවට/11-410491)

The Minister of Justice Wijayadasa Rajapakse says that although some public servants are taking bribery commissions, there is a strong legal system to become a prosperous legal system.

The Minister also presented the Bill in Parliament to be presented to Parliament for public responsibilities.

Minister of Justice made these comments at a ceremony held as a Dhamma School Teachers in Galle District as a Dhamma School Teachers in Galle District as a Dhamma School Teachers in Galle DistrictTogether.

...



# The Fraser is going to be wowner

*2024-06-28 12:28:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198250)

David Warner, the Super starter batsman of the Australian cricket team, has been told to the international cricket.

When the Australian team to be out of the round of the Supers of the Twenty20 World Cup, Warner retired from international cricket.

Warner says the best batsman for the place where he is empty. He says that not only twenty-day, 20 and twenty but also is a fit batsman for Test matches.

Wahoher, a note of the Instagram page, said: 'All in champion'.

Warner and Jake Frazer Muger was played for the Delhi Capitals team at the Indian Premier League.



# 99x considers collaborations to invest in and scale operations in Sri Lanka

*2024-06-28 12:13:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/99x-considers-collaborations-to-invest-in-and-scale-operations-in-sri-lanka-169984/)

ECONOMYNEXT – 99x, a global product engineering company, said it was focused on exploring potential collaborations to invest in and scale operations in Sri Lanka, using local talent and skills.

Future collaboration opportunities in sales and solution building were also explored at a roundtable discussion titled ‘Poised for Growth in Europe and Americas’ held at 99x office premises in Colombo recently.

The event brought together 99x’s leaders from Norway, Portugal, Brazil, and Sri Lanka.

...



# Biden falters in fiery debate with Trump

*2024-06-28 11:56:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100157/biden-falters-in-fiery-debate-with-trump)

A halting Joe Biden struggled Thursday to allay concerns he is too old for a second term in the White House in a fiery debate with Donald Trump marked by personal insults.

A bombastic Trump lashed out at his successor, calling him a failure on the economy and the world stage.

Biden looked to hit back, but his delivery was faltering as he spoke rapidly in a raspy, trailing-off voice, stumbled on his words and stared open-mouthed.

His performance, after he spent the week secluded in preparation, sparked new concern within his Democratic Party as polls show Trump is tied or ahead for the November election.

...



# Current Champion defeated England and entered the final

*2024-06-28 11:52:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187133)

India will oppose South Africa in the final of the second semi -final against England by 68 runs in the final of the current champion England on Thursday (27) at the Guyana Provisions Stadium.

With this victory for the third time, the World Champion India has qualified to play in the T20 World Cup final.

India also holds the distinction of being a qualified team to play in 3 types of ICC cricket within a year.

In the second semi -finals, India could not observe India in all sectors. India, especially in spinning and fielding, showed an impossible talent.

Also, the half -century of team captain Rohit Sharma was a hit for India's victory.

...



# Sri Lanka calls for compensation for mercenaries killed in Russia

*2024-06-28 11:46:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100156/sri-lanka-calls-for-compensation-for-mercenaries-killed-in-russia)

Sri Lanka has called for payment of compensation for 17 Sri Lankans killed in action in Russia, the Embassy of Sri Lanka in Russia said on Thursday (27).

The issue was a key focus during a high-level visit by a parliamentary delegation led by State Minister of Foreign Affairs Tharaka Balasuriya, who held two days of discussions with Russian officials, including Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs Andrey Rudenko and Deputy Minister of Defence Colonel General A. V. Fomin.

...



# Attorney General's Department's request on the punishment of Hirunika

*2024-06-28 11:40:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198249)

The Colombo High Court sentenced Mrs. Hiwika Premachandra who was convicted of abuse of a youth who was abducted and abused a traveler in Dematagoda.

Colombo High Court Judge Amal Ranaraja was published after a long trial.

Accordingly, the judge ordered that the defendant Hirunika Premachandra was conquered by 18 accusations and each charge would be fined Rs. 20,000 each.

If the penalties were lost, the order was stated in prison six months in prison.

After the case was taken up, Justice Amal Ranraja said the Supreme Court stated that the defendant was convicted of plotting and the accusation of abduction of a youth.

...



# New Delhi Airport roof

*2024-06-28 11:30:07*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/புதுடெல்லி-விமான-நிலைய-கூரை-இடிந்ததில்-மூவர்-பலி/175-339576)

Heavy rains continue in the capital New Delhi. Thursday (27) night. There has been heavy traffic congestion throughout Delhi due to rain water stagnant. Also, people were hit hard by vehicles caught in stagnant water on the tunnels.

In this context, the roof of the New Delhi Airport suddenly collapsed on the roof. The cars parked in the roof of the roof due to heavy rains were severely damaged. Firefighters rescued those who were trapped inside.. Six more were treated at the hospital.

The death toll from two more deaths in New Delhi Airport has risen to 3.

...



# Democrats in stumbling

*2024-06-28 11:26:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187160)

During today's intervenings between US President Jobiton and former President Donald Trump, Jodiban's stumbling blocks and actions have caused compassion.

The presidential election debate organized by CNN has caused many questions to be answered by Baiden's campaign group.

The BBC said that there were some moments that Bitan had lost his thinking, and that there were no good things to sight.

Following this, researchers in the American media have released concern over the chances of Bidan's success in November.



# Mahinda met Waidang

*2024-06-28 11:21:31*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/வெய்டாங்கை-சந்தித்தார்-மஹிந்த/175-339575)

Chinese Foreign Minister Sun Waidang met with former President and MP Mahinda Rajapaksa in Beijing.

When Mahinda Rajapaksa was president in 2014, President H.E Xi Jinping made a historic visit to Sri Lanka and called him the oldest friend of China.



# Officers who are preparing for action raids nationwide

*2024-06-28 11:20:49*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/நாடளாவிய-ரீதியில்-அதிரடி-சோதனைக்கு-தயாரான-அதிகாரிகள்/175-339574)

The quality of food items provided in schools in schools across the country will be investigated.

Minister of State for Education Arunachalam Aravinda Kumar said that various complaints have been received regarding the quality of food items provided in some snacks.

He said that steps have been taken to notify the public health inspectors regarding this issue.. Remble



# Kalki 2898kb - Review

*2024-06-28 11:17:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187157)

Actors: Amithappachan, Prabhas, Kamal Haasan, Deepika Padukone, Disha Patani, Pasupathi and many others.

The biggest film that is ready at a cost of Rs 600 crore in India.Telugu, Tamil, Hindi and Malayalam Kannada. The film crew systematically avoids the event in Tamil, Malayalam and Kannada. The film was held only in the major cities of Mumbai-Hyderabad and Dubai. Did the film attracted Tamil fans, however?Or not?We will continue to see.

...



# Lizard in Mixer in Jaffna;15 thousand rupees

*2024-06-28 11:13:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187156)

Investigations into the case of a lizard in a mixer sold in the environment of the Jaffna Selvil Temple have been sentenced to 15 thousand rupees.

The Anipongal special pooja was held last Monday night at the temple.

In this case, a lizard was found when a person who visited the temple, bought a mixer at a sweet shop in the temple environment.

Following the announcement to the Public Health Inspector in the area, the Point Pedro Magistrate's Court has filed a case against the sweets of the Public Health Inspector who has received the mixer with a lizard.

...



# Lizard

*2024-06-28 11:11:06*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/யாழ்ப்பாணம்/பல்லியை-பொரித்து-விற்றவருக்கு-தண்டனை/71-339573)

In the context of the Jaffna -Selvasanadhi temple environment, a person who sold the mixer has been fined Rs.

The Anipongal special pooja was held last Monday night at the temple.

A lizard was found when a person who visited the temple, when he bought the mixer at a sweet shop in the temple environment.

Following the announcement to the Public Health Inspector in the area, the Point Pedro Magistrate's Court has filed a case against the sweets of the Public Health Inspector who has received the mixer with a lizard.

...



# Three years sentenced to Hiunika seriously

*2024-06-28 11:04:22*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/හිරුනිකාට-බරපතල-වැඩ-සහිත-වසර-තුනක-සිරදඬුවම්/11-410490)

Former MP Hirunika Premachandra has been sentenced to three years in prison by the Colombo High Court.

It is said that the order has been issued to abduct a youth who served in the Dematagoda area in 2015 and torture her prisoner.



# A large crucial in Delhi airport

*2024-06-28 10:53:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198248)

A large risk was crashed into the roof of the first terminal of the Delhi International Airport in India.

According to a Delhi fire escape officer, 3 of them were killed and six others were injured.

The roof of the building crashed due to heavy rains and wind on Friday morning.

Operating operations have commenced operations to find out if the concessionary groups have been involved.



# 'Make the' Charity 'Speaking of Political Change

*2024-06-28 10:53:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187149)

“The movie 'Charum Sara' is not talking about regime change in Tamil Nadu. He talks about political change, ”the director said.

Director Balu S. 'Loku Saba' Jeeva, Anjana Keerthi, Meenakshi Megalee, Sadhana and Yogi Ram in the upcoming film 'Arami Para' directed by Vaidyanathan.. Srikanth Deva has composed the film, which has been recorded by Sivakumar and Kannan.. The film was produced by Taraka Cinemas.

The music release of the film was held in Chennai.

...



# Train in Slovakia - bus collision;6 people killed

*2024-06-28 10:45:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187144)

Six people were killed when a bus crashed into a railway train in south Slovakia.

The accident occurred near the city of Noah Samki, about 80 km east of the capital, Prattislawa.

The accident occurred at around 17:00 pm (16:00 BST), and 6 people were killed and at least five others were injured.

Drivers of the bus and train have been injured and admitted to the hospital in critical condition.

Officials said that at the time of the accident, there were 200 people on the train and 9 on the bus.

...



# Sri Lanka looks at balancing trade security and logistic hub needs with East Asia experts

*2024-06-28 10:42:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-looks-at-balancing-trade-security-and-logistic-hub-needs-with-east-asia-experts-169977/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka has discussed the need to balance trade security with experts from East Asian nations at a forum supported by the United States.

“The challenge lies in achieving an equilibrium between enabling smooth trade and  ensuring robust security measures,” the US embassy in Colombo said.

“To cultivate trading environments that support legitimate operations and restrict illegal activities, so that countries can not only foster economic growth but also develop that competitive edge within the global marketplace.”

...



# Bideman and Trump delivered the cloth

*2024-06-28 10:38:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/198247)

US President Joe Biden and former President Donald Trump participated in the debate organized by CN TV.

Critics say they accused one another of "lying."

Trump has criticized the economic policies and foreign policies of the foreign policies and tried to change Presidential election in terms of Bidesen, Trump's crimes and Presidential election in 2020.

The two are to contest for the US presidential election that is scheduled to be held on November 5, and this is the first time they joined a public debate.

The Bideen had set out in the debate on a connection with a blue film actress named Stormy Daniel. Trump rejected the allegation.

...



# Government executives for Rs. 25,000 Special monthly allowance

*2024-06-28 10:34:32*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/රජයේ-විධායක-නිලධාරීන්ට-රු--25000-ක-විශේෂ-මාසික-දීමනාවක්/11-410489)

The government has decided to pay a special monthly allowance of Rs.

The Circulars on this matter was released yesterday (27), the Public Administration Home Affairs Ministry of Provincial Councils and Local Government Pradeep Yasaratne was released.

The New Circular states that a maximum of Rs.

The circular is not applicable to the Executive of the Executives for Executives for the executives of Rs. 25,000 or excellent monthly allowance.



# Hirunika Premachandra sentenced to 3 years in prison

*2024-06-28 10:30:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187148)

The Colombo High Court has imposed a three -year rigorous imprisonment for Hirunika Premachandra, a member of the United People's Power and former MP.

The court today issued the verdict on Friday (28) following the recognition of a youth in the Dematagoda area of ​​Colombo in 2015.



# Giant Panda in China again to America

*2024-06-28 10:27:17*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/චීනයේ-යෝධ-පැන්ඩා-යළිත්-ඇමරිකාවට/11-410488)

China takes steps to reactivate the giant panda conservation cooperation agreements with America and Austria.

The Chinese wildlife conservation unit has announced that a new agreement has been signed with the Tiergarten Schönn Zoo in Austria.. Also, with the departure of two giant pandow, "Yunchuan" and "Xinbao", Chinese-American Giant Padda conservation collaborations have resumed the US SAN DIEOGO Zoo.

...



# 3 years in jail for Hirunika

*2024-06-28 10:24:19*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/ஹிருணிக்காவுக்கு-3-ஆண்டுகள்-சிறை/175-339572)

Former Colombo District Parliamentarian Hirunika Premachandra has sentenced him to three years in prison for allegedly guilty of abducting a youth by a deputy.



# Kallakurichi counterfeit liquor

*2024-06-28 10:24:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/187142)

A hunger strike was held in Chennai on Thursday (27) on behalf of the AIADMK, demanding the investigation of the deaths of counterfeit cases, condemning the death of over 60 people in Kallakurichi.

The death toll from four people died on Wednesday (26) in Kallakurichi. At the Rajaratnam Playground in Egmore, Chennai, the AIADMK general secretary and opposition leader Edappadi K Palanisamy, the leader of the AIADMK, led the hunger strike.

...



# 3 years in jail for Hirunika

*2024-06-28 10:23:37*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/ஹிருணிக்காவுக்கு-3-ஆண்டுகள்-சிறை/175-339570)

Former Colombo District Parliamentarian Hirunika Premachandra has sentenced him to three years in prison for allegedly guilty of abducting a youth by a deputy.



# Roof collapses at Delhi airport’s Terminal-1; three dead, several injured

*2024-06-28 10:22:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/100155/roof-collapses-at-delhi-airports-terminal-1-three-dead-several-injured)

Three people died and six were injured after a portion of the roof of the Delhi airport’s Terminal-1 fell on cars, including taxis, amid heavy rains early Friday, Delhi Fire Services (DFS) officials said.

They said a search operation is underway to make sure no one else is trapped in the damaged vehicles.

Besides the roof sheet, the support beams also collapsed, damaging the cars parked in the pick-up and drop area of the terminal, the officials said.

...

