# #SriLanka :sri_lanka: News Bulletin

<div id="news_lk_bulletin">

*Updated* **2024-10-03 08:19:02**

🌧️ **Weather Advisory**: The Meteorology Department has issued an ‘Amber’ advisory for severe lightning for several provinces and districts. Thundershowers accompanied by severe lightning are likely to occur at several places in Eastern, Uva, and North-central provinces and in Mullaittivu and Vavuniya districts.

🌧️ **Showers in several places**: Showers or thundershowers will occur at several places in the Eastern and Uva provinces. The announcement states that showers may be in the morning in the coastal areas of the Southern and Western Provinces. Take necessary steps to reduce temporary winds and lightning accidents.

🚨 **Suspect arrested with drug**: A 20-year-old youth from Weligama has been arrested with ice drugs. The suspect was arrested by a police team in the village in the Ibbawala area. Police said that the suspect's motorcycle was inspected and 1 kg of ice drugs and 838 grams were recovered.

🚨 **Suspect arrested for abusing six children including a girl**: A 63-year-old suspect has been arrested in connection with a 15-year-old schoolgirl and five schoolchildren. The suspect, a resident of the Peradeniya, Peradeniya, Peradeniya has been arrested by the Kandy Divisional Children's and Women's Bureau. Police say that the suspects have been forcibly abused by intimidating the suspect.

🏛️ **New Defense Secretary meets security heads**: Defense Secretary Pension Air Vice Marshal Sampantha Tigers met with security heads. The meeting has taken place at the Defense Headquarters yesterday (02). Chief of Defense Staff Shavendra Silva, Army Commander Lieutenant General's Vice Admiral Priyantha Perera, Army Commander of the Navy Vice Admiral Priyantha Perera, Air Force Commander of the Air Force Admiral Priyantha Perera. The acting IGP Priyantha Weerasuriya has also held a friendly discussion meeting with the defense secretary.

🏛️ **Government uncertain about public sector salary hike promised by previous regime**: The incumbent Government announced that it remains uncertain whether it can fulfil the salary increment promised by the previous administration, set for January 2025. “We understand that public sector salaries need to be adjusted to reflect the rising cost of living. However, we cannot yet confirm whether the financial capacity exists to implement the salary hike from 1 January 2025, as planned by the former administration,” Cabinet Spokesman and Minister Vijitha Herath said at the post-Cabinet meeting media briefing yesterday.

🏛️ **New Acting DG for Govt. Information Department**: The Cabinet of Ministers on Monday approved appointing H.S.K.J. Bandara as the new Director General of the Government Information Department with immediate effect on a full-time acting basis. The announcement was made by Cabinet Spokesman and Minister Vijitha Herath yesterday at the post-Cabinet meeting media briefing. The appointment was made after former Director General Dinith Chinthaka Karunarathne resigned from the post. Bandara is a Grade I officer of the Sri Lanka Administrative Service who serves as Director (Admin) of the Department of Government Information at present.

🏛️ **Chinese Ambassador calls on President; extends full backing**: Chinese Ambassador Qi Zhenhong called on President Anura Kumara Dissanayake yesterday. The Ambassador extended his heartfelt congratulations to the President on his recent election victory and expressed China’s continued commitment to supporting Sri Lanka in its future endeavours. Qi reaffirmed the Chinese Government’s continued commitment to enhancing bilateral relations with Sri Lanka, emphasizing the significance of on-going collaborative projects.

🏛️ **Indian High Commissioner calls on President**: The Indian High Commissioner to Sri Lanka Santosh Jha yesterday called on President Anura Kumara Dissanayake. During the meeting, High Commissioner emphasised the long-standing friendship and close proximity between India and Sri Lanka, highlighting the importance of maintaining strong bilateral ties. He expressed India’s readiness to support Sri Lanka’s development process in all possible ways and wished to see Sri Lanka emerge as a peaceful and stable nation in the region.

🏛️ **India’s External Affairs Minister in town tomorrow**: Indian External Affairs Minister Dr. S. Jaishankar is expected to visit Sri Lanka tomorrow (4) and call on President Anura Kumara Dissanayake. His visit to Colombo would mark the first by any foreign diplomat after President took office on 23 September. Dr. Jaishankar’s visit will be closely watched as it will include high-level engagement between India and Sri Lanka. President Dissanayake held talks with Dr. Jaishankar and National Security Adviser Ajit Doval, during his visit to Delhi before the 2024 Presidential Election.

</div>

[Previous](data) Bulletins

## Methodology

This bulletin has been autogenerated by MistralAI's [mistral-large-latest](https://mistral.ai/news/mistral-large/) model, with the following [prompt](src/news_lk_bulletin/core/NewsBulletin.py):

*Aggregate these news articles into 10 bullets of information that will be practically useful to ordinary Sri Lankan citizens. EXCLUDE opinions, advertisements and political messages. ANNOTATE with emojis.*

## Source News

Based on **121** News Articles, from the last **19** hours.

# New Defense Secretary meets security heads

*2024-10-03 07:05:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201788)

Defense Secretary Pension Air Vice Marshal Sampantha Tigers met with security heads.

The meeting has taken place at the Defense Headquarters yesterday (02).

Chief of Defense Staff Shavendra Silva, Army Commander Lieutenant General's Vice Admiral Priyantha Perera, Army Commander of the Navy Vice Admiral Priyantha Perera, Air Force Commander of the Air Force Admiral Priyantha Perera.

The acting IGP Priyantha Weerasuriya has also held a friendly discussion meeting with the defense secretary.

This is the first time the Defense Secretary has met senior officials following the assume of duties.



# Showers in several places

*2024-10-03 06:21:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201787)

Showers or thundershowers will occur at several places in the Eastern and Uva provinces.

The announcement states that showers may be in the morning in the coastal areas of the Southern and Western Provinces.

They call on the public to take necessary steps to reduce temporary winds and lightning accidents.



# SJS only alternative against current Govt. – Ranjith Madduma Bandara

*2024-10-03 05:25:59*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/SJS-only-alternative-against-current-Govt-Ranjith-Madduma-Bandara/56-767497)

Stresses need for citizens to support the SJS, which he described as having the best experienced team

Claims Sri Lanka’s recent economic collapse was a direct consequence of entrusting power to individuals without sufficient experience

Urges people not to make the same mistake again and vote for SJS

Samagi Jana Balawegaya (SJB) General Secretary Ranjith Madduma Bandara yesterday declared that the Samagi Jana Sandhanaya (SJS), a broad coalition led by the SJB, is the only viable alternative to the current Government led by President Anura Kumara Dissanayake.

...



# Catholic Church highlights missing report on Channel 4 allegations

*2024-10-03 05:21:15*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/Catholic-Church-highlights-missing-report-on-Channel-4-allegations/56-767496)

Archdiocese of Colombo Spokesperson Rev. Father Cyril Gamini Fernando says there is no trace of the report

Emphasises that the report holds critical information about those responsible for orchestrating the attacks

Laments lack of political will to uncover this mastermind behind the bombings, despite evidence being available

Says if this truth is found, most politicians should be in prison and sent home

...



# Indian High Commissioner calls on President

*2024-10-03 05:20:12*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/Indian-High-Commissioner-calls-on-President/56-767495)

The Indian High Commissioner to Sri Lanka Santosh Jha yesterday called on President Anura Kumara Dissanayake to congratulate him on his recent election victory. The meeting took place at the Presidential Secretariat.

During the meeting, High Commissioner emphasised the long-standing friendship and close proximity between India and Sri Lanka, highlighting the importance of maintaining strong bilateral ties.

He expressed India’s readiness to support Sri Lanka’s development process in all possible ways and wished to see Sri Lanka emerge as a peaceful and stable nation in the region.

...



# India’s External Affairs Minister in town tomorrow

*2024-10-03 05:18:04*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/India-s-External-Affairs-Minister-in-town-tomorrow/56-767494)

Indian External Affairs Minister Dr. S. Jaishankar is expected to visit Sri Lanka tomorrow (4) and call on President Anura Kumara Dissanayake.

His visit to Colombo would mark the first by any foreign diplomat after President took office on 23 September.

Dr. Jaishankar’s visit will be closely watched as it will include high-level engagement between India and Sri Lanka.

President Dissanayake held talks with Dr. Jaishankar and National Security Adviser Ajit Doval, during his visit to Delhi before the 2024 Presidential Election.



# Govt. uncertain about public sector salary hike promised by previous regime

*2024-10-03 05:15:19*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/Govt-uncertain-about-public-sector-salary-hike-promised-by-previous-regime/56-767493)

The incumbent Government yesterday announced that it remains uncertain whether it can fulfil the salary increment promised by the previous administration, set for January 2025.

“We understand that public sector salaries need to be adjusted to reflect the rising cost of living. However, we cannot yet confirm whether the financial capacity exists to implement the salary hike from 1 January 2025, as planned by the former administration,” Cabinet Spokesman and Minister Vijitha Herath said at the post-Cabinet meeting media briefing yesterday.

...



# Gandhi Jayanti celebrations in Colombo

*2024-10-03 05:11:22*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/Gandhi-Jayanti-celebrations-in-Colombo/56-767492)

Commemorating the 155th  birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi, Prime Minister of Sri Lanka Dr. Harini Amarasuriya and the High Commissioner of India to Sri Lanka Santosh Jha paid tributes to Mahatma Gandhi by garlanding his bust at the Prime Minister’s Office in Colombo yesterday.

Following the ceremony, the High Commissioner called on the Prime Minister Dr. Amarasuriya.

...



# Ranjan appeals to President Anura Dissanayake for restoration of civic rights

*2024-10-03 05:10:40*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/Ranjan-appeals-to-President-Anura-Dissanayake-for-restoration-of-civic-rights/56-767491)

Actor-turned-politician Ranjan Ramanayake submitted a formal request to the Presidential Secretariat yesterday, appealing to President Anura Kumara Dissanayake to restore his civic rights. Ramanayake, who was conditionally pardoned in 2022 by former President Ranil Wickremesinghe following his conviction for contempt of court, expressed hope that President Dissanayake would grant him a full pardon.

...



# MJP announces significant appointments ahead of General Election

*2024-10-03 05:08:31*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/MJP-announces-significant-appointments-ahead-of-General-Election/56-767490)

Appoints former Minister Roshan Ranasinghe as Chairman of MJP, former Minister Prof. Channa Jayasumana as Deputy Chairman

The Mawbima Janatha Party (MJP) leader Dilith Jayaweera yesterday announced that the party made significant appointments yesterday. Taking to ‘X’ he noted that former Minister Roshan Ranasinghe was appointed as the Chairman of the party, while former Minister Prof. Channa Jayasumana was appointed the Deputy Chairman.

In addition, former MP Milan Jayatilake was appointed as the Gampaha District Organiser, while former Western Provincial Council Member Rajitha Hapuarachchi was appointed Organiser of the Katana seat.

...



# New Acting DG for Govt. Information Department

*2024-10-03 05:05:12*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/New-Acting-DG-for-Govt-Information-Department/56-767489)

The Cabinet of Ministers on Monday approved appointing H.S.K.J. Bandara as the new Director General of the Government Information Department with immediate effect on a full-time acting basis.

The announcement was made by Cabinet Spokesman and Minister Vijitha Herath yesterday at the post-Cabinet meeting media briefing.

The appointment was made after former Director General Dinith Chinthaka Karunarathne resigned from the post. Bandara is a Grade I officer of the Sri Lanka Administrative Service who serves as Director (Admin) of the Department of Government Information at present.



# Chinese Ambassador calls on President; extends full backing

*2024-10-03 04:56:44*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/Chinese-Ambassador-calls-on-President-extends-full-backing/56-767488)

Pledges full support for Sri Lanka’s debt restructuring and economic stability

Chinese Ambassador Qi Zhenhong called on President Anura Kumara Dissanayake yesterday.

The Ambassador extended his heartfelt congratulations to the President on his recent election victory and expressed China’s continued commitment to supporting Sri Lanka in its future endeavours.

Qi reaffirmed the Chinese Government’s continued commitment to enhancing bilateral relations with Sri Lanka, emphasising the significance of on-going collaborative projects.

...



# Australian High Commissioner calls on President

*2024-10-03 04:54:13*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/Australian-High-Commissioner-calls-on-President/56-767487)

The High Commissioner of Australia to Sri Lanka, Paul Stephens yesterday called on President Anura Kumara Dissanayake.

During the discussion, the High Commissioner extended his warmest congratulations to President Dissanayake and the Government of Australia on his recent election, expressing the Australian Government’s strong commitment to deepening ties with Sri Lanka.

The Australian Government reassured its support in key areas, including mari



# Japanese Ambassador assures support to President

*2024-10-03 04:40:54*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/Japanese-Ambassador-assures-support-to-President/56-767486)

Japanese Ambassador Mizukoshi Hideaki yesterday called on President Anura Kumara Dissanayake.

During their cordial meeting, Ambassador Mizukoshi extended his heartfelt congratulations to the President on his recent election victory.

The Ambassador conveyed the Japanese Government’s strong commitment to further enhancing the longstanding relationship between Japan and Sri Lanka. Both leaders discussed areas of mutual interest and expressed their intention to continue working closely to strengthen ties between the two nations.

...



# Canadian High Commissioner calls on President

*2024-10-03 04:38:14*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/Canadian-High-Commissioner-calls-on-President/56-767485)

Extends support for President’s anti-corruption and safety initiatives, IMF and debt restructuring process

Canadian High Commissioner Eric Walsh yesterday called on President Anura Kumara Dissanayake.

During the meeting, Ambassador Walsh extended his congratulations to the President on his recent election victory and conveyed the Canadian Government’s and its people’s best wishes.

...



# British envoy conveys UK’s best wishes and support to new President

*2024-10-03 04:36:06*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/British-envoy-conveys-UK-s-best-wishes-and-support-to-new-President/56-767484)

The British High Commissioner Andrew Patrick yesterday made a courtesy call on President Anura Kumara Dissanayake.

The visit marked an important step in reinforcing the strong diplomatic relations between the two countries. During the meeting, High Commissioner Patrick congratulated President Dissanayake on his recent election and conveyed the British Government’s best wishes for his tenure. He also conveyed personal congratulations and warm wishes from King Charles III and the Prime Minister of Britain, Sir Keir Starmer expressing their goodwill for the President’s leadership.

...



# We will never accommodate the creation of the federal regime - Roshan Ranasinghe

*2024-10-03 03:24:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/195357)

We will provide unconditional cooperation to the best decisions taken by President Anura Kumara Dissanayake for the welfare of the country. Homeland People's Party leader Roshan Ranasinghe said that there was never a place to create a federal system that would divide the country.

Former Parliamentarian Roshan Ranasinghe, former MP Sanna Jayasumana as the leader of the homeland People's Party led by businessman Dilith Jayaweera, and former MP Sanna Jayasumana and former parliamentarian Milan Jayatilaka Gampaha district coordinator were appointed by Thilathi Jayaweera on Wednesday.

...



# Australian Deputy High Commissioner who described Ravikaran as a future MP

*2024-10-03 02:51:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/195358)

Australian Deputy High Commissioner to Sri Lanka Lalitha Kapoor and former Northern Provincial Councilor Durairasa Ravikaran held a meeting on Wednesday (02) at Ravikaran's public relations in Mullaitivu.

During the meeting, Australian Vice -Ambassador to Sri Lanka, Lalitha Kapoor, described Ravikaran as a future Member of Parliament.

Former Northern Provincial Council Member Durairasa Ravikaran is widely talked about in the upcoming parliamentary election on behalf of the Sri Lankan Tamil party.. It was in this context that the Australian Vice -Ambassador to Sri Lanka, Ravikaran, explained the above.

...



# Sri Lankan trade delegation forges strong business links with Australia

*2024-10-03 01:06:51*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/Sri-Lankan-trade-delegation-forges-strong-business-links-with-Australia/34-767475)

The Sri Lanka Export Development Board (EDB), in collaboration with the Sri Lanka Consulate General in Melbourne (SLCG) and the Sri Lanka-Australia Chamber of Commerce (SLACC), successfully organised a trade delegation to Melbourne, Australia, from 2 to 6 September.

...



# Employers’ Federation of Ceylon congratulates President AKD

*2024-10-03 01:05:00*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/Employers-Federation-of-Ceylon-congratulates-President-AKD/34-767474)

The Employers’ Federation of Ceylon (EFC), has extended its best wishes to President Anura Kumara Dissanayaka on his election as the 9th executive President of Sri Lanka.

“The EFC extends its best wishes to President Anura Kumara Dissanayaka and assures its commitment in promoting initiatives and policies to achieve social harmony through productive employment,” a statement from the private sector body said.

...



# Exporters Association congratulates new President

*2024-10-03 01:04:33*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/Exporters-Association-congratulates-new-President/34-767473)

The Exporters Association of Sri Lanka (EASL) yesterday extended its heartfelt congratulations to President Anura Kumara Dissanayake on his election as the ninth President of Sri Lanka.

“This remarkable achievement is a testament to his dedication and leadership,” the EASL noted via a statement.

As a vital part of the nation’s economic framework, the export sector stands ready to support and collaborate with the administration in promoting sustainable growth, enhancing international trade relations, and expanding opportunities for businesses of all sizes.

...



# Excise Department urges companies to settle Rs. 1.8 b unpaid taxes by 30 November

*2024-10-03 01:04:01*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/Excise-Department-urges-companies-to-settle-Rs-1-8-b-unpaid-taxes-by-30-November/34-767472)

Excise Department Commissioner General M.J. Gunasiri says only Rs. 162 b of Rs. 323 b target achieved so far

Warns legal action will be taken against companies who fail to comply

The Excise Department Commissioner General M.J. Gunasiri yesterday called on liquor manufactures to pay their overdue taxes before 30 November, warning that legal action will be taken against those who fail to comply.

Speaking to the media after a meeting with distillery manufacturers, he insisted that despite the challenges faced by the companies, extended time had already been given for payment.

...



# China provides full cooperation to Sri Lanka

*2024-10-03 00:40:58*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/இலங்கைக்கு-சீனா-முழு-ஒத்துழைப்பை-வழங்கும்/175-344842)

Chinese Ambassador Gee.Shenhong said China will cooperate with Sri Lanka's future activities.

The Ambassador of the People's Republic of China, K. Shenhong, met with President Anura Kumara Dissanayake yesterday morning.

At the meeting held at the Presidential Office, the Ambassador congratulated President Anura Kumara Dissanayake's election victory and promised to fully cooperate with China to cooperate with the future activities of Sri Lanka and to further strengthen bilateral relations with the China government.

...



# Sri Lankans are safe in Israel

*2024-10-03 00:30:48*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/இஸ்ரேலில்-இலங்கையர்-பாதுகாப்பாகவுள்ளனர்/175-344841)

The Sri Lankan embassy for the country has said that Iran's missile attacks on Israel have not been affected by the Sri Lankan people living there.

Sri Lanka's Ambassador Nimal Bandara said that the people of Sri Lanka are still monitoring the people of Sri Lanka.

The Sri Lankan Ambassador to Israel said that all Israel's activities are underway.. (A)



# IMF - Government Discussion

*2024-10-03 00:20:57*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/ஐ-எம்-எப்-அரசாங்கம்-கலந்துரையாடல்/175-344840)

A high -level committee of the International Monetary Fund visited Sri Lanka yesterday to investigate the future project of the new government led by President Anura Kumara Dissanayake, which is in conjunction with the International Monetary Fund.

IMF. The purpose of this visit is to investigate the progress of the project and the fourth installment of the $ 2.9 billion extended financial facility.

Accordingly, the IMF. The meeting between the delegation and the new government's IMF for talks was held at the Presidential Office yesterday afternoon.

...



# Netherlands funded € 300,000 project grants electric three-wheelers to Gampaha’s batik SMEs

*2024-10-02 23:50:26*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/Netherlands-funded-300-000-project-grants-electric-three-wheelers-to-Gampaha-s-batik-SMEs/34-767463)

ILO Country office for Sri Lanka and Maldives Director Joni Simpson (left) and Netherlands Deputy Ambassador Iwan Rutjens officially switch on the solar power system

ILO Country office for Sri Lanka and Maldives Director Joni Simpson (second from left), Netherlands Deputy Ambassador Iwan Rutjens, CODEGEN Director Kusal Subasinghe and National Enterprise Development Authority Director Dhanuka Liyanagamage at the officially hand over of electric three wheel

...



# Green Tea Scrub

*2024-10-02 23:42:00*

[islandlk](http://island.lk/green-tea-scrub/)

Lots of people talk about the benefits of green tea and, therefore, this week, I thought I should work on green tea for my beauty tips.

You will need 02 tablespoons of used green tea, 01 tablespoon of sugar and 01 tablespoon of honey. By the way, you need to make sure the used green tea is dry but still fresh.

Mix the ingredients thoroughly, in a bowl, until you achieve a paste-like consistency. You can adjust the sugar or honey to your desired texture.

Take a warm shower, or bath, to open up your pores, making your skin more receptive to exfoliation.

...



# Public hearings: A key to ensuring integrity in high-level public service appointments

*2024-10-02 23:38:44*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/columns/Public-hearings-A-key-to-ensuring-integrity-in-high-level-public-service-appointments/4-767462)

Parliament in session: A transparent and democratic approach to public service appointments, highlighting the need for public hearings to ensure accountability and integrity

...



# AIA’s Director of Group Healthcare, Dr. Christian Wards, speaks at Sri Lanka International Insurance Summit 2024

*2024-10-02 22:40:00*

[islandlk](http://island.lk/aias-director-of-group-healthcare-dr-christian-wards-speaks-at-sri-lanka-international-insurance-summit-2024/)

Dr. Christian Wards, AIA’s Director of Group Healthcare, recently addressed the Sri Lanka International Insurance Summit 2024, held at Shangri-La Colombo. The summit, themed ‘Insurer’s Role in Challenging Economic Dynamics,’ brought together global industry leaders, policymakers and experts to explore the evolving role of insurers in today’s complex economic environment.

...



# ‘Your dream home awaits with Pan Asia Bank’

*2024-10-02 22:39:00*

[islandlk](http://island.lk/your-dream-home-awaits-with-pan-asia-bank/)

Pan Asia Bank is transforming the path to homeownership by offering customers more than just a loan – we deliver innovative, tailored solutions that make securing a home easier than ever. In response to rising energy costs and the demands of modern living, Pan Asia Bank offers a unique housing loan package that includes an additional benefit: the option to incorporate solar panel installation into the loan. Customers can now bundle their home loan with a solar energy loan, reducing long-term energy costs while investing in a more sustainable lifestyle.

...



# iPay joins LankaPay’s ‘JustPay Web’

*2024-10-02 22:38:00*

[islandlk](http://island.lk/ipay-joins-lankapays-justpay-web/)

Marking a significant advancement in Sri Lanka’s digital payment ecosystem, iPay – Sri Lanka’s leading digital payment solution, has integrated with JustPay Web, a cutting-edge online payment platform developed by LankaPay. This feature enablement signifies a new chapter in the evolution of online payments, offering customers of any bank the option to pay seamlessly, securely and in real time, by making direct payments via their bank accounts.

...



# AA celebrates Children’s Day

*2024-10-02 22:37:00*

[islandlk](http://island.lk/aa-celebrates-childrens-day/)

...



# Suspect arrested with drug

*2024-10-02 22:36:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201785)

The Welipenna Police have arrested a follower of Ahungalle Sanjeewa Sanjeewa.

The suspect was arrested in the Welipenuwa Kalape area of ​​the Welipenara Kalalla, Welipenara Kalalla.

It is reported that nearly 900 grams of ice drugs in his possession have been recovered.

Interviews from the suspect is a leading drug dealer who is hiding in a foreign country to the Ice drug, Ahungalla dealer in a foreign country to various people, as well as the ice drug dealer in Aluthgama, Welipenu, and Welipenuwe Southern Expressway as well as the Welipenuwewa areas.It is available.



# West Asian tensions trigger share market volatility; indices down

*2024-10-02 22:34:00*

[islandlk](http://island.lk/west-asian-tensions-trigger-share-market-volatility-indices-down/)

The stock market was highly volatile yesterday due to tensions in West Asia focusing on Israel and Lebanon. Global stock markets also showed some volatility and stocks dipped, stock market analysts said.

Amid those developments both indices were down. The All Share Price Index went down by 58.68 points while S and P SL20 declined by 8.28 points.

...



# Lions' daughter to fight tomorrow

*2024-10-02 22:31:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201784)

The 9th Women's 20 World Cup Tomorrow begins tomorrow (03).

Scotland and Bangladesh are due to enter the tournament.

The first match of the Sri Lanka women's group will be held at 7.30 pm tomorrow with Pakistan.

The ICC took steps to take the ICC to take the United Arabic Emer to the United Arabic Emer state due to the political crisis of 2024.

This year's tournament is operating in two categories and enters the Sri Lanka Women's Team.

Sri Lanka women participate in four matches in the basic tournament, which is Pakistan, Australia, India and New Zealand.

...



# AKD needs presidency, not supermajority; Sajith as PM means win-win

*2024-10-02 22:24:10*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/columns/AKD-needs-presidency-not-supermajority-Sajith-as-PM-means-win-win/4-767460)

For roughly two decades (1970-1989), Ceylon/Sri Lanka lived under two consecutive administrations, one centre-left, the other centre-right, led by Sirima Bandaranaike and JR Jayewardene respectively, which possessed a two-thirds majority in Parliament. Those nearly 20 years were the most bloodily nightmarish in our country’s modern history. Why would any rational person want President AKD and his NPP to win a two-thirds majority in Parliament when it inevitably leads to a bad end?

Sri Lanka has the best chance of a win/win scenario it has had since 2009 when we won the war.

...



# Japanese government's full support for the president's program that creates a corrupt country

*2024-10-02 22:24:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/195356)

Japanese Ambassador to Sri Lanka, Mizukoshi Hideaki, said the Japanese government would give full support to the President Anurakumara Dissanayake, who creates a corrupt regime.

A meeting between President Anura Kumara Dissanayake and Japanese Ambassador to Sri Lanka Missukoshi Hideiagi took place on Wednesday (02) at the Presidential Office.

The Japanese Ambassador expressed his sincere congratulations to Anuragumara Dissanayake, the new president of Sri Lanka, and said the Japanese government is committed to further enhance the long -term ties between Japan and Sri Lanka.

...



# Challenges ahead for President Anura Kumara Dissanayake: Navigating Sri Lanka’s political labyrinth

*2024-10-02 22:13:09*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/columns/Challenges-ahead-for-President-Anura-Kumara-Dissanayake-Navigating-Sri-Lanka-s-political-labyrinth/4-767459)

...



# Meeting Chinese Ambassador President;To ensure that the debt is fully supported to establish the restoration and economic stability

*2024-10-02 22:08:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/195355)

The Ambassador of the People's Republic of China, Qi Zhenhong, met with President Anura Kumara Dissanayake on Wednesday (02) at the Presidential Office.

At the meeting held at the Presidential Office, the Ambassador congratulated the President Anura Kumara Dissanayake's election victory and promised to fully cooperate with China to cooperate with the future activities of Sri Lanka and to further strengthen bilateral relations with the China government.

...



# All flights in Iran cancel

*2024-10-02 22:03:52*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/உலக-செய்திகள்/ஈரானில்-அனைத்து-விமான-சேவைகளும்-இரத்து/50-344839)

Following the attack on Israel, Iran has announced that it has temporarily closed its airspace as a precautionary precaution.

Accordingly, all flights in Iran have been canceled until tomorrow (03).

Meanwhile, people are advised to avoid unnecessarily outdoors in considering the unsafe environment in Iran.. Remble



# Meeting between the President and the Indian High Commission;Praise the President's Anti -Corruption Program

*2024-10-02 21:57:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/195354)

The meeting between President Anura Kumara Dissanayake and Indian High Commissioner to Sri Lanka Santosh Jha (Santosh JHA) took place on Wednesday (02).

He said that the Indian High Commissioner, who congratulated Anura Kumara Dissanayake in the last presidential election, said that India is ready to support all the ways of Sri Lanka's development activities and that Sri Lanka is looking for a peaceful and stable country in the region.

...



# Our busted bus service

*2024-10-02 21:56:57*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/columns/Our-busted-bus-service/4-767458)

What we commuters want is an economical, reliable, comfortable, safe public transport system

...



# Positive market impact of Sri Lanka’s Presidential elections: Key decisions for good governance

*2024-10-02 21:51:00*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/columns/Positive-market-impact-of-Sri-Lanka-s-Presidential-elections-Key-decisions-for-good-governance/4-767457)

The decisive actions taken by Sri Lanka’s new President have bolstered confidence and paved the way for sustained economic recovery

Sri Lanka has recently witnessed significant political change following the conclusion of the Presidential elections. With a new administration now in place, the initial market response has been overwhelmingly positive, reflecting renewed investor confidence and optimism for future economic growth. This article explores how key decisions made by the newly elected President have set the foundation for good governance, economic stability, and sustainable growth.

...



# High-level IMF delegation meets new govt’s economic team, discuss reforms

*2024-10-02 21:50:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/102410/high-level-imf-delegation-meets-new-govts-economic-team-discuss-reforms)

A high-level delegation from the International Monetary Fund (IMF) arrived in Sri Lanka today (2) to engage with the newly formed government led by President Anura Kumara Dissanayake.

The primary objective of the visit was to initiate discussions on the progress of the IMF program and necessary steps towards the release of the fourth tranche of the $ 2.9 billion Extended Fund Facility (EFF), the President’s Office said.

...



# Exit Exit

*2024-10-02 21:45:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/195353)

Joseph Stalin, General Secretary of the Sri Lanka Teachers Union, says that the complete restructuring of the Department of Examinations is not essential for the crisis of the Examination Questionnaire.

He said this while attending a media briefing in Colombo on Wednesday (02) on the issue of the first questionnaire of the Grade 5 scholarship examination of this year.

“Now the selection sheet is prolonged. The selection department means failure. On 12.04.2024. 473 people involved in various exams. These individuals are banned from choices.

...



# New Democratic Front to field in general election and cylinder symbol!

*2024-10-02 21:37:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/195352)

All political parties that supported former President Ranil Wickremesinghe in the last presidential election have agreed to contest the gas cylinder symbol under the new Democratic Front in the next general election.



# Praveen Jayawickrama banned under ICC Anti-Corruption Code

*2024-10-02 21:37:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/102409/praveen-jayawickrama-banned-under-icc-anti-corruption-code)

The International Cricket Council (ICC) has banned Sri Lankan player Praveen Jayawickrama from all cricket for one year, of which six months are suspended, after he admitted breaching the ICC Anti-Corruption Code.

Issuing a release, the ICC said that Jayawickrama admitted to being in breach of the following provision under the Code:

...



# Ranil again in the cylinder

*2024-10-02 21:36:52*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/மீண்டும்-சிலிண்டரில்-ரணில்/175-344838)

In the last presidential election, those who supported former President Ranil Wickremesinghe have formed a new coalition.

The coalition, which is under the name of the New Democratic Front, is expected to contest the upcoming general election in the gas cylinder symbol.. Remble



# Discussions on economic reforms between the top representatives of the International Monetary Fund and the Government of Sri Lanka

*2024-10-02 21:26:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/195351)

A high -level committee of the IMF (IMF) visited Sri Lanka on Wednesday (02) to investigate the future project of the new government headed by President Anura Kumara Dissanayake, which is in conjunction with the International Monetary Fund.

The purpose of this visit is to investigate the progress of the IMF project and the fourth installment of the $ 2.9 billion extended financial facility.

Accordingly, a meeting between the IMF delegation and the economic committee appointed to the new government's International Monetary Fund was held at the Presidential Office on Wednesday afternoon.

...



# All party gas cylinder supported Ranil to contest general

*2024-10-02 21:17:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201781)

පසුගිය ජනාධිපතිවරණයේදී රනිල් වික්‍රමසිංහ මහතාට සහාය දැක්වූ සියලුම දේශපාලන පක්ෂ ඉදිරි මහ මැතිවරණයට නව ප්‍රජාතන්ත්‍රවාදී පෙරමුණ යටතේ ගෑස් සිලින්ඩරය ලකුණින් තරග කිරීමට එකඟවී තිබේ.



# Parties that backed Ranil to contest general election under ‘Gas Cylinder’ symbol

*2024-10-02 21:15:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/102408/parties-that-backed-ranil-to-contest-general-election-under-gas-cylinder-symbol)

All political parties that supported former President Ranil Wickremesinghe at the recent Presidential Election are to contest the upcoming General Election under the New Democratic Front (NDF), with the ‘Gas Cylinder’ as their symbol.

Former President Wickremesinghe had also contested the recent presidential election under the symbol of the ‘Gas Cylinder’, albeit as an independent candidate.

Political sources told Ada Derana, earlier today, that former MPs who supported Wickremesinghe are preparing to contest the upcoming General Election under either the ‘elephant’ symbol or another common symbol.

...



# Meeting between IMF representatives and government economic group

*2024-10-02 21:13:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201780)

A top-year delegation (IMF) has arrived in Sri Lanka today (02).

Accordingly, the new government and the new government have appointed to the IMF talks held at the Presidential Secretariat this afternoon.

The objective of this visit is to hold discussions on the progress of the IMF program and the fourth premium of $ 2.9 billion.

The International Monetary Fund and Sri Lanka have been conducted by the two parties, and the Presidential Media Unit said.

...



# Praveen Jayawickinika banned one year

*2024-10-02 20:45:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201779)

The International Cricket Council has decided to impose a percussion of Sri Lankan cricketer Prainika Jayawickrama for one year.



# New government should be given a chance - Dilith

*2024-10-02 20:41:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201778)

The new government should be given the opportunity and his party is ready to be a good opposition, "he said.

He was speaking at the motherland in the party headquarters in Colombo today (02).

"We have the duty to give the new government at the time of good politics. We have to say ... We're coming to a good opposition. You work with your program. But whenever our policies do not match our policies, it is more positive to people. People can accept that. "

Meanwhile, former ministers Roshan Ranasinghe, Professor Channa Jayasuman and former Parliamentarian Milan Jayatilleka joined the UNP today (02).

...



# Joseph Stalin revealed about question papers

*2024-10-02 20:32:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201777)

The Department of Examinations Joseph Stalin says that the Department of Examinations is a proposed that the Department of Examinations is a proposed that the Department of Examinations is to provide a proper solution to the exit crisis.

Speaking at a media briefing in Colombo today (02), he said this regarding the problems faced by the first question paper of the Grade 5 Scholarship Examination.

...



# Brews that suddenly closed

*2024-10-02 19:57:59*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/திடீரென-மூடப்படும்-மதுபானசாலைகள்/175-344825)

The Liquor Department Commissioner General has ordered the closure of all liquor stores across the country on the eve of World Alcoholism Day.

Meanwhile, the Department of Liquor has said that the telephone number 1913, which is attached to the Liquor Department's Operational Room, will be in operation for the public to announce the crimes associated with liquor and drugs.. Remble



# Yall. Fire in a house in Navanturai

*2024-10-02 19:51:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/195349)

A fire broke out in a house in Navanthurai, Jaffna on Wednesday (2).

Neighbors who saw the burning of the house were trying to extinguish the fire and reported to the Municipal Council firefighters. Firefighters rushed to the scene and extinguished the fire.

Jaffna police and forensic police are conducting investigations as the cause of the fire was not detected.



# Youth arrested with ice drug

*2024-10-02 19:46:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201776)

A 20-year-old youth from Weligama has been arrested today (02) with ice drugs.

He was arrested by a police team in the village in the Ibbawala area.

Police said that the motorcycle of the suspect was inspected by the police, 1 kg of ice drugs and 838 grams were recovered.

Midigama Police are conducting further investigations at the time of the raid.



# Rights group urges Sri Lanka’s new leader cooperate with UN

*2024-10-02 19:42:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/rights-group-urges-sri-lankas-new-leader-cooperate-with-un-182030/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Human Rights Watch (HRW), an international a non-governmental organization that conducts research and advocacy on human rights has urged Sri Lanka’s new President Anura Kumara Dissanayake to cooperate with the United Nations Human Rights Council’s (UNHRC) investigations into the past human rights abuses and end the use of repressive laws in the island nation.

Sri Lanka has been facing allegations of human rights violations in the final stage of a 26-year war between Tamil Tiger rebels and the state military and a raft of other abuses since the end of conflict in 2009.

...



# The Election Commission stopped the president's guarantee that subsidize farmers;District Organization of the Madhu District Agricultural Authority

*2024-10-02 19:41:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/195348)

The new President Anuragumara Dissanayake has been very happy that all the farmers have been able to pay for the immediate payment of our fertilizer subsidy allowance for Rs.. The district organization of the other Batticaloa District Agricultural Authority has requested.

The President and Secretary of the District Agricultural Authority of the District Agricultural Authority and the Secretary of the District Agricultural Authority have appealed at a press conference held on Wednesday (2).

...



# MPs who supported former President to contest under ‘elephant’ symbol?

*2024-10-02 19:23:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/102407/mps-who-supported-former-president-to-contest-under-elephant-symbol)

The former MPs who supported former President Ranil Wickremesinghe are preparing to contest the upcoming General Election under either the ‘elephant’ symbol or another common symbol, political sources told Ada Derana.

It is reported that the opinion of the Election Commission has been sought to obtain the ‘Gas Cylinder’ symbol while a final decision is to be taken after the commission’s decision is conveyed.

...



# Assessed in India's anti-corruption program

*2024-10-02 19:20:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201775)

President Anura Kumara Dissanayake and Sri Lanka General Commissioner Sanantha Jaha had met with Sansh JHA (2).

India has said that India is preparing to support Sri Lanka's development process in the last presidential election.

The country has stated that Sri Lanka's ethics emerged as a peaceful and standing state in the region.

The Indian High Commissioner, who remembered the long-term friendship and intimacy between India and Sri Lanka, emphasized the importance of continuing and stable friendship between the two countries.

...



# Full support of China to Restructuring Credit

*2024-10-02 19:11:02*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/ණය-ප්‍රතිව්‍යුහගත-කිරීමට-චීනයේ-පූර්ණ-සහාය/11-412277)

President Anura Kumara Dissanayake and the ambassador of the People's Republic of Sri Lanka. A meeting between Mr. Sea Zhenhond was held at the Presidential Secretariat this morning.

The Ambassador who congratulated his heartfelt greeting to President Anura Kumara Dissanayake regarding the presidential election, and China continues to support Sri Lanka's future.

He also emphasized the English Development Bank (CDB) and EXIM to support Sri Lanka's development projects in Sri Lanka.

...



# Group supporting Ranil to the general election with the elephant mark?

*2024-10-02 18:46:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201774)

Former President Ranil Wickremesinghe at the Presidential Election, the former MPs is planning to contest the next general election.

It is reported that the final decision has been taken to obtain the mark of the gas cylinder.

The former MPs had come to the Election Headquarters on the Colombo Flower Road today (02) to contest the sign and alliance.

It is also reported that if the gas cylinder is unable to obtain, they will most likely compete under the elephant sign or other common mark.



# An informed of Israel and Lebanon status

*2024-10-02 18:35:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201773)

The Sri Lanka Bureau of Foreign Employment states that if there is a person who is ready to go to Israel for any activity, the Sri Lanka Bureau of Foreign Employment (SLBFE) says.

Additional General Manager of the International Affairs Gamini Senarath Yapa made this statement regarding the current state situation in Israel and Lebanon today.

He said that the military situation is observed and to take action.

He also said that if Israel is wanted to go to the lands and Syria, they should be fully involved in the Ministry of External Affairs.

...



# Julie Sung extends to a further year without refereting Sri Lanka at the UN Human Rights Council

*2024-10-02 18:30:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/195346)

US Ambassador to Sri Lanka Julie Sung said that the United Nations Human Rights Council (UNHRC) has taken steps to extend the 51/1 resolution already passed on Sri Lanka for a further year without a referendum.

A meeting between US Ambassador to Sri Lanka Julie Sangh and former MP MA Sumanthiran of the Sri Lanka Tamil National Alliance (TNA) MA Sumanthiran. The meeting, which was aimed at discussing the post -President election, lasted for about an hour.

...



# Japanese language to Sri Lankans

*2024-10-02 18:25:32*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/இலங்கையர்களுக்கு-ஜப்பானிய-மொழி/175-344823)

Japanese Ambassador to Sri Lanka, Mizukoshi Hideaki (Mizukoshi Hideaki, said that the Japanese government will give full support to the program of President Anuragumara Dissanayake, who is the best rule of corrupt. President Anuragumara Dissanayake and Japanese Ambassador to Sri Lanka.

The Japanese Ambassador expressed his sincere congratulations to Anuragumara Dissanayake, the new president of Sri Lanka, and said the Japanese government is committed to further enhance the long -term ties between Japan and Sri Lanka.

...



# China pledges full support for Sri Lanka’s debt restructuring and economic stability

*2024-10-02 18:25:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/102406/china-pledges-full-support-for-sri-lankas-debt-restructuring-and-economic-stability)

The Ambassador of the People’s Republic of China to Sri Lanka, Qi Zhenhong met with President Anura Kumara Dissanayake today (02) at the Presidential Secretariat in Colombo.

The Ambassador extended his heartfelt congratulations to the President on his recent election victory and expressed China’s continued commitment to supporting Sri Lanka in its future endeavours, the President’s Media Division (PMD) said.

Ambassador Qi reaffirmed the Chinese government’s continued commitment to enhancing bilateral relations with Sri Lanka, emphasizing the significance of on-going collaborative projects.

...



# Sri Lanka heads for spy shakeup

*2024-10-02 18:14:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-heads-for-spy-shakeup-182024/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka’s premier spy agency, the State Intelligence Service (SIS), is set for a shake-up under the new government of President Anura Kumara Dissanayake, according to a source involved in the process.

The agency is to appoint a new head, a serving Deputy Inspector-General (DIG), to replace Suresh Sallay, a controversial retired major general. Sallay was appointed to the top post by Gotabaya Rajapaksa when he became president in November 2019.

With the appointment of a DIG, the SIS returns to the orbit of the police after being under military influence for nearly four years.

...



# Solve the problems faced by the Tamil people. The letter of the Merchant Corporation

*2024-10-02 18:01:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/195340)

The Jaffna Merchants' Corporation has sent a letter to President Anura Kumara Dissanayake that the Tamil people should be given permanent solutions to the Tamil people's permanent solutions to the presidential election manifesto.

We express our appreciation for their elected president of this country. We hope that this victory for their long -standing regime change will be a major change in the country.

Their organization failed to seek to bring about regime change twice. After a long -standing effort to make the regime change they wanted, you have made your dream possible through this country's presidential election today.

...



# Suspect arrested for abusing six children including a girl

*2024-10-02 17:55:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201772)

A 63-year-old suspect has been arrested in connection with a 15-year-old schoolgirl and five schoolchildren.

The suspect, a resident of the Peradeniya, Peradeniya, Peradeniya has been arrested by the Kandy Divisional Children's and Women's Bureau.

Police say that the suspects have been forcibly abused by intimidating the suspect.

The 15-year-old girl had previously lodged a complaint with the Peradeniya Police, our correspondent said.

Investigations have said that the five schoolchildren who had been abused is between 12 and 15 years old and two brothers were among them.

...



# “Don't be afraid of relatives”

*2024-10-02 17:51:35*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/உறவினர்கள்-அஞ்ச-வேண்டாம்/175-344822)

Sri Lankan Ambassador to Israel Nimal Bandara has said that the Sri Lankan embassy is actively monitoring the safety of Sri Lankans in Israel.

He added that passengers who wish to come to Sri Lanka from Sri Lanka and passengers who want to travel to Sri Lanka from Israel should be verified that their flight is operated before they go to the airport.



# Sri Lanka treasury bill yields plunge

*2024-10-02 17:26:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-treasury-bill-yields-plunge-182006/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka’s Treasury bill yields fell across maturities at Wednesday’s auction, a week after the presidential election, with all 142.5 billion of offered bills sold, data from the debt office showed.

The 3-month yield was down 43 basis points to 10.06 percent, with 65 billion rupees of bills offered and 72 billion rupees of bills sold.

The 6-month yield was down 35 basis points to 10.37 percent, with all 67.5 billion rupees of bills offered sold.

The 12-month bill was down 1 basis point at 10.04 percent, with only 2.9 million sold of an offered 10 billion rupees. (Colombo/Oct2/2024)



# Here is the leader who resigned after the defeat found in Sri Lanka

*2024-10-02 17:20:32*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/sports/ශ්‍රී-ලංකාව-හමුවේ-ලද-පරාජයෙන්-පසු-ඉල්ලා-අස්වූ-නායකයා-මෙන්න/9-412276)

Tim Sauhei has decided to quit the New Zealand Test leadership due to the defeat of the two Test cricket matches with Sri Lanka.

Accordingly, during the upcoming Indian visit, Tom Leute has been given to Tom Leute.



# Sri Lanka rupee closes weaker at 296.40/80 to US dollar, bond yields down

*2024-10-02 17:19:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-rupee-closes-weaker-at-296-40-80-to-us-dollar-bond-yields-down-182008/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka’s rupee depreciated to close at 296.40/80 to the US dollar Wednesday, from 294.75/295.00 a day earlier, while bond yields were down.

A bond maturing on 15.12.2026 closed at 10.35/55 percent, down from 10.70/85 percent.

A bond maturing on 15.12.2027 closed at 11.15/30 percent, down from 11.45/60 percent.

A bond maturing on 15.02.2028 closed at 11.35/45 percent, down from 11.75/85 percent.

A bond maturing on 15.09.2029 closed at 11.70/85 percent, down from 11.90/12.00 percent.

A bond maturing on 15.10.2030 closed at 11.95/12.10 percent, down from 12.10/30 percent.

...



# Explosion of the Middle East

*2024-10-02 17:18:37*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/உலக-செய்திகள்/மத்திய-கிழக்கு-வெடிக்கிறது/50-344821)

Iran is the missile attack on Israel. Tuesday (01) started at midnight. This has caused a tense situation in the international community, including the Middle East.

International media reports that the attacks have been carried out in retaliation for events including Palestine's Gaza, Lebanon and the assassination of Hizbullah leaders.

The Israeli military said Iran had launched hundreds of missiles towards major cities, including Israel's Tel Aviv.. The government has stepped up the task of taking the public immediately by signaling and taking them to safe places

...



# Explosive Middle East

*2024-10-02 17:18:37*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/உலக-செய்திகள்/வெடிக்கிறது-மத்திய-கிழக்கு/50-344821)

Iran is the missile attack on Israel. Tuesday (01) started at midnight. This has caused a tense situation in the international community, including the Middle East.

International media reports that the attacks have been carried out in retaliation for events including Palestine's Gaza, Lebanon and the assassination of Hizbullah leaders.

The Israeli military said Iran had launched hundreds of missiles towards major cities, including Israel's Tel Aviv.. The government has stepped up the task of taking the public immediately by signaling and taking them to safe places

...



# Japan fully supports President's program

*2024-10-02 17:17:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201771)

Japanese Ambassador, Mizukoshi Hideaki, said,

President Anura Kumara Dissanayake and the Japanese Ambassador of Japan in Sri Lanka was held today (02).

The Japanese government has been committed to further enhance the long-term ties between Japan and Sri Lanka, who was elected President of Sri Lanka.

The Ambassador to the President has assured the President to study Japanese to study Japanese to further strengthen the long-term friendship between Sri Lanka and Japan.



# S. Jayasanka to Sri Lanka on 04rd

*2024-10-02 17:13:38*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/එස්-ජයශංකර්-ලබන-04-වැනිදා-ශ්‍රී-ලංකාවට/11-412275)

Indian Foreign Minister Sdishankar has decided to visit Sri Lanka.

Accordingly, Sri Lanka's visit to Sri Lanka on the 4th of this month.

The main objective of the new President Anura Kumara Dissanayake is the main objective of this visit.



# Galle District Election of Elpitiya Pradeshiya Sabha;Date of postal voting

*2024-10-02 17:12:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/195335)

Postal Voting for the Elpitiya Pradeshiya Sabha election will be held on 2024.10.14 and 18th. The Elections Commission has announced that official voter cards will be issued from the 12th of this month.

The Commission has completed all the tasks as the Elpitiya Pradeshiya Sabha elections will be held on Saturday (Saturday).. Accordingly, the voter card for those who are eligible to vote for the postal vote will be issued on Monday, the 7th.

Eligible postal voters can vote 2024.10.14. Those who do not vote at this time can vote on 2024.10.18 at the District Elections Office of the District where they serve.

...



# Sri Lanka stocks close down, as momentum slows

*2024-10-02 17:07:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-stocks-close-down-as-momentum-slows-182001/)

ECONOMYNEXT – The Colombo Stock Exchange closed down on Wednesday, data on its site showed.

The broader All Share Index closed down 0.49 percent, or 58.68 points, at 11,934; while the more liquid S&P SL20 Index closed down 0.31 percent, or 10.89 points, at 3,510.

“We saw a correction in the market,” Softlogic Stockbrokers said. “There was some profit realization, and the momentum slowed down.”

Interest in banking counters continued, they said, with local investors taking positions.

Crossings took place on Commercial Bank (up at 104.75), Sampath Bank (up at 79.80), Hayleys (down at 99.80), and Nations Trust Bank (down at 128.75).

...



# Breaking a house in Lindulai

*2024-10-02 16:56:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/195334)

Police have arrested a suspect in connection with a three -pound gold jewelery that broke a house on Tuesday (01) in a large queen of the Lindulai Police Division.

Police said the incident took place at a time when there was no one in the house.

With the help of the Nuwara Eliya Forensic Police, the fingerprint experts carried out the checked dog on the basis of a complaint lodged at the homeowner Lindula.

A group of policemen who entered a house in the same area later arrested a 30 -year -old suspect and investigated him and seized the gold jewelery that was stolen from him.

...



# China promises to president

*2024-10-02 16:50:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201770)

The Ambassador of the People's Republic of China, Qi Zhenhong says that Sri Lankan loans will be certified and fully supported for economic stability.

He was speaking at a meeting with President Anura Kumara Dissanayake at the Presidential Secretariat this morning (02).

The Ambassador has greeted his heartfelt congratulations on the presidential election.

The Ambassador has said that China continues to support Sri Lanka's future and that the Government of the Chinese government has been committed to improving bilateral relations with Sri Lanka.

...



# The US Embassy's Security Advisor met the Defense Secretary

*2024-10-02 16:45:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/195332)

The US Embassy in Sri Lanka, Lieutenant Colonel Anthony Nelson, met with Defense Secretary Air Vice Marshal Sampath Pure Sampath (Retired) at the Security Headquarters in Sri Jayawardenapura, Fort.

During the meeting, Defense Secretary Purekonda engaged in a smooth discussion with the US security adviser and exchanged monuments with him to mark the meeting.

US Embassy's Naval Advisor Lieutenant Commander Jessica de Mont, Assistant Security Advisor Seth Neinson and Lieutenant Commander Shaun Jin, Chief of Security Cooperation Office, were also present.



# Weather advisory issued for severe lightning

*2024-10-02 16:39:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/102403/-weather-advisory-issued-for-severe-lightning)

The Meteorology Department has issued an ‘Amber’ advisory for severe lightning for several provinces and districts.

Thundershowers accompanied by severe lightning are likely to occur at several places in Eastern, Uva and North-central provinces and in Mullaittivu and Vavuniya districts.

The general public is kindly requested to take adequate precautions to minimize damages caused by lightning activity.

...



# Of the three who went to meet the lover, one was killed

*2024-10-02 16:36:15*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/மலையகம்/காதலியை-சந்திக்க-சென்ற-மூவரில்-ஒருவர்-பலி/76-344819)

A schoolgirl who went to meet his friend's girlfriend has died after being attacked by a gang, Matale Mahawela police said.

The deceased is a 17 -year -old schoolgirl named Morgan Yukesh, a schoolgirl from Kaudubella Kalaimala Vidyalaya, Madawala, Ulpatta, Madawala.

The student was attacked by a gang of Kodawela Buddha when he was riding a motorbike to Madawala Ulpatha, at 5.30 pm on Tuesday (01) at 5.30 pm to meet the friend's girlfriend's schoolgirl.

Two other people have fled and the student has been attacked and found dead by the people of the area.

...



# Cooperation for direct foreign investments

*2024-10-02 16:34:33*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/நேரடி-வெளிநாட்டு-முதலீடுகளுக்கு-ஒத்துழைப்பு/175-344818)

British High Commissioner to Sri Lanka Andrew Pedrick met President Anura Kumara Dissanayake on Wednesday (02).

The visit was an important initiative in further strengthening strong diplomatic relations between the two countries.

High Commissioner Pedricky congratulated President Anura Kumara Dissanayake for his victory in the last presidential election and congratulated the British government for the rule of the President of Sri Lanka.

The British High Commissioner also handed over the exclusive congratulations of King III Charles and British Prime Minister Sir Keir Starmer to congratulate President Anura Kumara Dissanayake.

...



# A warning new in a strong lightning

*2024-10-02 16:32:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201769)

The Department of Meteorology has issued a warning new public strike.

The announcement issued by this afternoon will be valid from tomorrow (03) to 11 pm.

Accordingly, in the evening, Uva and North and North Central territories, in the evening or Vavuniya districts, in the evening or Vavuniya districts is higher than at the same time.

The Department of Meteorology also requests the public to take action to reduce the damages caused by temporary winds and lightning accidents due to thunderstorms.



# The prices of shoes for school students will be reduced soon - Buddhika Vimalasiri

*2024-10-02 16:26:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/195324)

The FLGIG (FLGIG) said that it has decided to reduce the prices of shoes for school children soon.

The president of the shoe and leather industry, Buddhika Wimalasiri, spoke to the media.

He said that when a government came to power, the country's industry and designers need to support the government in this community.

He has requested that the country's growth be contributed to the development of the country by buying the products produced in Sri Lanka.



# British High Commissioner in Sri Lanka meets President

*2024-10-02 16:20:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201768)

The British High Commissioner for Sri Lanka has met with President Anura Kumara Dissanayake at the President's Office today (02).

The meeting has taken place to promote strong diplomatic relations between the two countries, the Presidential Media Unit said.

The British High Commissioner has been awarded to the victory of Anura Kumara Dissanayake in the last presidential election.

The private greetings of the British Government of Sri Lanka and was presented to the President, King Char Kumara, and British Prime Minister Sir Keir Staarker, who was welcomed for the leadership of the British Kumara Dissanayake.

...



# Jaishankar to visit Sri Lanka on Oct 4 - reports

*2024-10-02 16:10:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/102402/jaishankar-to-visit-sri-lanka-on-oct-4-reports)

India’s external Affairs Minister S Jaishankar will be visiting Sri Lanka this week and call on newly elected President Anura Kumara Dissanayake, who assumed office on September 23, Indian media reported today.

His visit to Colombo would be the first by any foreign minister after the presidential elections last month.

Jaishankar’s visit to the neighbouring island nation, which is expected to begin on October 4, will be closely watched as it will include high-level engagement between India and Sri Lanka after Dissanayake came to power.

...



# During Sri Lanka's visit to Sri Lanka

*2024-10-02 16:08:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/195321)

Indian Foreign Minister Dr. S.. Four demands have been made on behalf of Tamil Nadu fishermen.

A letter containing these requests by the National Heritage Fishermen's Federation has been sent to Foreign Minister S. Jekengshankar.

The right to fishing rights in the traditional fishing sea in the sixth string of the 1974 Kachchativu Agreement must be ensured.

More than 125 Indian fishermen in Sri Lankan jails should take immediate steps to restore more than 190 fishermen and folklore.

Steps should be taken to hand over the fishing boats of Sri Lankan fishermen who have been released by Indian courts and parked on the coast of Tamil Nadu.

...



# Indian Foreign Minister to Sri Lanka

*2024-10-02 16:02:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201766)

Indian Foreign Minister S. According to Indian media reports, the Jeeashawkur is to arrive in Sri Lanka on the 4th.

According to Indian media reports, Anura Kumara Dissanayake is a diplomatic first meeting between India and Sri Lanka after being president.



# Sri Lanka’s new leader urged to find Rajapaksa’s stashed money in Uganda

*2024-10-02 16:00:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lankas-new-leader-urged-to-find-rajapaksas-stashed-money-in-uganda-181973/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka’s new President Anura Kumara Dissanayake and his party members should now investigate long alleged stolen money in Uganda by former leader Mahinda Rajapaksa’s family, Rajapaksa-led former ruling party members said.

Dissanayake and his party have long accused the Rajapaksa family of taking wealth out of Sri Lanka they were supposed to have earned from commissions and other deals through illegal and inappropriate means when in public office.

...



# Cylinder?Elephant?

*2024-10-02 15:59:37*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/சிலிண்டரா-யானையா-ஆராய்கிறது-ஐ-தே-க/175-344816)

It is being investigated at the ongoing meeting of the United National Party (UNP) headquarters in the upcoming parliamentary election.

United National Party (UNP) Deputy Leader Ruwan Wijayawardena said that the United National Party (UNP) executive committee had agreed to select a gas cylinder or elephant and contest the next general election.

Ruwan Vijayawardena also stated that a final decision will be taken in consultation with other parties, including the Sri Lanka Freedom Party (SLFP), which is contesting with the United National Party (UNP) and the United National Party.

...



# Luxury Car Controversy; Rosie Description

*2024-10-02 15:59:07*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/சொகுசு-கார்-சர்ச்சை-ரோசி-விளக்கம்/175-344815)

Responding to the allegations that Porsche Cayenne was given during the reign of former President Ranil Wickremesinghe, Rosie Senanayake said the vehicle was one of the eight vehicles used from time to time.

During a special media briefing held today, Rosie Senanayake explained to the media about the various vehicles given to him by the President's Office during his tenure.

He added that he had used eight vehicles during his president's advisor and that the last used vehicle before the coup was Porsche Gayen.

...



# "School shoes will be reduced"

*2024-10-02 15:49:32*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/பாடசாலை-காலணிகள்-விலை-குறைக்கப்படும்/175-344814)

The Footwear and Skin Products Association (FLGIG) said today that it has decided to reduce the prices of school shoes and relevance.

Commenting on the media, FLGIG president Buddhika Wimalasiri said that in the community, which is seeking demands when the government comes to power, the country's industrialists and developers have been appointed to support the government.

The leader appealed to the consumers to contribute to the purchase of goods made in Sri Lanka.



# Sri Lanka tourist arrivals up 9.1-pct in September

*2024-10-02 15:45:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-tourist-arrivals-up-9-1-pct-in-september-181975/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka’s tourist arrivals grew 9.1 percent from a year ago to 122,140 in September 2024, led by India as the sector continued to recover.

Indian arrivals were by far the highest at 27,884, overtaking China at 9,078, United Kingdom at 8,688, Germany at 8,260, and Australia at 7,200.

Russia which was a big source market at the beginning of the year yielded only 4,199 visitors to the island.

This was lesser than the 4,359 visitors from neighboring Indian ocean island nation Maldives which announced a forex shortage in September.

...



# No reports of Sri Lankans in Israel affected by Iran attacks - envoy

*2024-10-02 15:35:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/102401/no-reports-of-sri-lankans-in-israel-affected-by-iran-attacks-envoy)

The Sri Lankan Embassy in Tel Aviv has issued an announcement to all Sri Lankan nationals residing in Israel in the wake of the Iran missile attacks on Israel.

The embassy had yesterday advised Sri Lankans living in Israel to remain in safe shelters during the attacks, while they were also instructed to keep stocks of essential food items and medicines.

Iran had launched at least 180 missiles into Israel, the latest in a series of escalating attacks in a yearslong conflict between Israel and Iran and its Arab allies.

...



# Here are the places of Test Rankings, Chandimal, Angie, Prabhath

*2024-10-02 15:20:19*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/sports/ටෙස්ට්-ශ්‍රේණිගත-කිරීම්හී-කමිඳු--චන්දිමාල්--ඇන්ජි--ප්‍රභාත්-හිමි-කරගත්-ස්ථාන-මෙන්න/9-412274)

The latest Test Rankings have been published by the International Cricket Council.

Accordingly, Kamindu Mendis has passed the 11th to the 11th place Test batsmen.

Dinesh Chandimal has come forward to the 20th and Angelo Mathews has come forward in four parts.

Meanwhile, Jaspradi Bumta has been able to reach the first place in the first place in the first place in Test bowlers.

Sri Lanka's Prabath Jayasuriya has been able to advance from one place to the 08th place.



# Sri Lankan citizen is not harmed

*2024-10-02 15:12:41*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/இலங்கைப்-பிரஜைக்கு-பாதிப்பில்லை/175-344813)

Sri Lankan Ambassador to Israel Nimal Bandara confirmed that there were no injuries or casualties among Sri Lankan nationals following the alleged attack on Iranian forces on Israel.



# Sri Lankan citizens are not harmed

*2024-10-02 15:12:41*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/இலங்கைப்-பிரஜைகளுக்கு-பாதிப்பில்லை/175-344813)

Sri Lankan Ambassador to Israel Nimal Bandara confirmed that there were no injuries or casualties among Sri Lankan nationals following the alleged attack on Iranian forces on Israel.



# New Zealand leader was taken after the Test defeat in Sri Lanka

*2024-10-02 15:07:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201764)

With the defeat of two matches with Sri Lanka, New Zealand leader Tim has decided to resign.

The Sangha says that he will take that decision for the benefit of the group.

In 2022, Khan Williamson resigned from Test leadership and was later led by leadership.

He has led the New Zealand team in 14 Tests, and 6 matches won six. Two matches ended without the Jayatakera.

New Zealand team defeated by 63 runs with Sri Lanka, New Zealand team defeated by 63 runs in their innings and 154 runs.



# Namal challenge to Anura

*2024-10-02 14:31:35*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/அநுரவுக்கு-நாமல்-சவால்/175-344812)

Former parliamentarian Namal Rajapaksa has challenged President Anura Kumara Dissanayake to prove the allegation that the Rajapakse regime has hidden billions of dollars in Uganda and other countries.

Responding to a video of Dissanayake during the presidential campaign, Namal and his delegation have been claiming that public funds have been stolen for years.

“President Anuragumara Dissanayake and his group have been accusing us of hiding billions of dollars in Uganda and various countries for many years.

President Anura Kumara Dissanayake has time to prove his allegations, ”Rajapakse posted on the 'X' site.



# Namal

*2024-10-02 14:31:35*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/அநுரவுக்கு-சாவால்-விடும்-நாமல்/175-344812)

Former parliamentarian Namal Rajapaksa has challenged President Anura Kumara Dissanayake to prove the allegation that the Rajapakse regime has hidden billions of dollars in Uganda and other countries.

Responding to a video of Dissanayake during the presidential campaign, Namal and his delegation have been claiming that public funds have been stolen for years.

“President Anuragumara Dissanayake and his group have been accusing us of hiding billions of dollars in Uganda and various countries for many years.

President Anura Kumara Dissanayake has time to prove his allegations, ”Rajapakse posted on the 'X' site.



# Dates for the release of water for Maha season

*2024-10-02 14:26:37*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/මහ-කන්නය-සඳහ-ජලය-නිකුත්-කිරීම-සඳහා-දින-නියම-කරයි/11-412273)

The Ministry of Agriculture said that the issuance of water for the Mahakan this year will be released from the 15th.

The Ministry said that there is a water destruction.



# Notice of Sri Lankans in Israel

*2024-10-02 14:22:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201763)

As Iran is targeting Israel, the Sri Lankan embassy informed all Sri Lankans in Israel to stay in a safe place in Israel.

Meanwhile, the Sri Lankan Embassy of Sri Lanka in Israel had informed Sri Lankans in Israel to have essential foods and drugs.

Sri Lanka Ambassador, Sri Lanka's Ambassador Nimal Bandara, says that Sri Lankans have not reported to Sri Lankans have been reported from Iranian attacks.

Iran launched a huge missile attack on Israel yesterday night.

Israel was able to destroy many missiles to destroy a number of missiles by Israel in Israel.

...



# Australia assures support for Sri Lanka’s IMF program

*2024-10-02 14:15:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/102400/australia-assures-support-for-sri-lankas-imf-program)

The High Commissioner of Australia to Sri Lanka, Paul Stephens, held a courtesy meeting with President Anura Kumara Dissanayake this morning (02) at the Presidential Secretariat in Colombo.

During the discussion, the High Commissioner extended his warmest congratulations to President Dissanayake and the Government of Australia on his recent election, expressing the Australian Government’s strong commitment to deepening ties with Sri Lanka, the President’s Media Division (PMD) said.

The Australian government reassured its support in key areas, including maritime safety, border control, and counter-terrorism efforts, the statement said.

...



# Don't go to Iran

*2024-10-02 14:14:32*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/உலக-செய்திகள்/ஈரானுக்கு-செல்ல-வேண்டாம்/50-344811)

The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of India has said that Indians are traveling to Iran, one of the Middle East countries.

In a statement issued by the Ministry, he said, “We have been watching the rising security environment in Iran recently. Considering that, we urge the Indian citizens to avoid traveling there.

Also, we urge Indians in Iran to be vigilant on security. We also ask the Indian people living in Tehran in contact with the Indian Embassy. ”

Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu has warned that the country will pay the price, while Iran fired hundreds of missiles towards Israel.. The Indian Foreign Ministry said this.



# Oil prices jump more than 2% as Middle East tensions escalate

*2024-10-02 14:11:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/102399/oil-prices-jump-more-than-2-as-middle-east-tensions-escalate)

Oil prices climbed more than 2% on Wednesday on rising concerns that Middle East tensions could escalate, potentially disrupting crude output from the region, following Iran’s biggest ever military blow against Israel.

Brent futures leapt $1.63, or 2.2%, to $75.19 a barrel, while U.S. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude spiked $1.70, or 2.4%, to $71.53 at 0755 GMT. WTI had earlier risen more than $2.

Both crude benchmarks on Tuesday surged more than 5% before closing around 2.5% higher.

...



# Middle East fire on Iran again

*2024-10-02 14:08:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201762)

Iran has been attacked Israel yesterday (01).

Israel was able to destroy many missiles to destroy a number of missiles by Israel in Israel.

Iran was served yesterday (01) to launch a series of massaves to Israel with continuous air and ground attacks on the Gaza.

The target of those attacks was the selected military prospects in the crowded Tel Aviva capital, Jerusalema and Hifa.

According to foreign reports, the number of missiles were nearing 180.

Israeli people were sent to safe places in parallel to the attacks and had destroyed many missiles in Israel.

Meanwhile, Americans have also helped to suppress the missile attack.

...



# At first came the warning reports on Iran's attack - and then heard the noise of the missiles intercepting - the BBC about the situation in Israel

*2024-10-02 13:56:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/195305)

According to the Israeli time, the text message came to everyone's mobile phones.

The SMS warned, "You should all go to the area that was declared a safe place and stay there until the announcement."

The message was sent by the Central Command Faculty of the Israeli Army's Internal Security Force. It referred to the life -saving instructions.

When the missiles were launched from Iran to Israel, people went to safe rooms.

Once the hazard began to sound, we went to a safe place in the BBC's Jerusalem Bureau.

We often heard the massive noise caused by the missiles and the sound of Israel's loss.

...



# Twin to win the 8th of the year

*2024-10-02 13:53:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201761)

At the age of 13, two twin children who won the GCE O / L examination were reported in Kalubowila.

Daughter, Daughter, Daughter, Daughter, who is residents of Kalubowila Anderson Road, Nugegoda. The examination was held with the recent school in St. John (Women's College) College, Nugegoda.

Also, her twin the exam with her, the eight-grade of Eight Grade Eight of Easipathana Vidyalaya, Colombo. Nishan Sugith Spoods also examined optimal awards and awards certificates.

...



# Former MP Vino Nogarathalingam announces not contesting parliamentary elections

*2024-10-02 13:17:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/195311)

Former Wanni district parliamentarian Vino Nogarathalingam says he has decided not to contest the upcoming parliamentary elections.

In the last presidential election, the need for a political change was felt among the people, especially the Sinhalese majority.

The result is the president of Anuragumara Dissanayake. Similarly, the Tamil people are looking for a change in the upcoming parliamentary elections in the Northeast.

It means to send newcomers and young people to Parliament. We cannot prevent this change in the minds of the people.

...



# HC adjourns hearing of ‘hit-and-run’ case against Patali Champika till Feb. 28

*2024-10-02 13:14:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/102398/hc-adjourns-hearing-of-hit-and-run-case-against-patali-champika-till-feb-28)

The Colombo High Court has ordered the case against former Minister Patali Champika Ranawaka over the hit-and-run incident which took place in 2016, in which the vehicle the former Minister was travelling in had collided with a motorcycle in Rajagiriya, to be postponed until February 28, 2025.

When the case was taken up for consideration today (02), the defendant, former MP Patali Champika Ranawaka, appeared before the Colombo High Court.

...



# Specialist in Cuba to Eradicate Dengue

*2024-10-02 13:13:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/201759)

President of Sri Lanka Anura Kumara Dissanayake and Sri Lanka's Cuban Ambassador to Sri Lanka's Cuban Ambassador to President Alhindan ambassador to Presidential Secretariat.

Attention has been paid to strengthening the long-term diplomatic relations and friendship between the two countries.

The Cuban Ambassador had greeted the Cuban Ambassador to President Anura Kumara Dissanayake on the victory of the recent presidential election.

It is said that the Cuban Ambassador of the country has been praised by the President's leadership and the Cuban Ambassador of Sri Lanka is ready to improve the collaboration with Sri Lanka.

...



# Individuals who have banned land paths in the sixth phase of Trincomalee - public outrage

*2024-10-02 13:06:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/195308)

Residents of the Upper area are worried that the roads near the Lakshmi Narayanan temple in the Nilavali road in Trincomalee have been banned by a private person.

The residents of the Upper area say that the proceedings have been set up in front of the Eastern Governor.

They said that a person who had come from France had claimed that he was a land and that such an act is currently underway.

The Christian clergyman expressed his source of the issue of many people coming to the way.

They also say that the Christian church and the preschool are banned due to the ban on the students' education.

...



# Cuba agrees to provide expert knowledge for dengue control in Sri Lanka

*2024-10-02 12:58:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/102397/cuba-agrees-to-provide-expert-knowledge-for-dengue-control-in-sri-lanka)

In a significant diplomatic engagement, the President of Sri Lanka Anura Kumara Dissanayake, has met with the Cuban Ambassador to Sri Lanka, Andres Marcelo Gonzales Gorrido, at the Presidential Secretariat this morning (02).

The meeting focused on bolstering the longstanding diplomatic and friendly relations between the two countries, according to the President’s Media Division (PMD).

During the cordial discussions, the Cuban Ambassador extended warm congratulations to President Dissanayake on his recent election victory.

...



# Danish police investigate two blasts near Israel’s embassy in Copenhagen

*2024-10-02 12:43:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/102396/danish-police-investigate-two-blasts-near-israels-embassy-in-copenhagen)

Danish police said on Wednesday they were investigating two blasts in the immediate vicinity of Israel’s embassy in the northern outskirts of Copenhagen.

There were no injuries reported and it was too early to say how big the blasts had been, a police spokesperson told reporters at the scene.

“It is clear that the Israeli embassy is in the immediate vicinity and that is naturally also an angle that we look at,” Deputy Assistant Commissioner Jakob Hansen of the Copenhagen police said.

A large area was cordoned off, and pictures published by tabloid Ekstra Bladet showed heavily armed Danish military personnel guarding the embassy.

...



# Here is the cause of the Ambassadors and High Commissioners of the President

*2024-10-02 12:37:49*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/ජනපති-අද-රටවල්-07ක-තානාපතිවරුන්--මහකොමසාරිස්වරුන්-හමුවෙන-හේතුව-මෙන්න/11-412272)

President Anura Kumara Dissanayake is scheduled to meet with Ambassadors and High Commissioners of seven countries today (02).

The current government's policy of strengthening bilateral relations with all countries, the President is scheduled to meet with foreign ambassadors and High Commissioners.

Accordingly, representatives including Ambassadors, High Commissioners, High Commissioners, Canada, Canada and India will hold talks to Cuba, UK, Australia, Japan, Canada and India.



# SeaLead Shipping, Sri Lanka Ports Authority launch direct liner service

*2024-10-02 12:29:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sealead-shipping-sri-lanka-ports-authority-launch-direct-liner-service-181941/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Global shipping line SeaLead Shipping has launched a weekly direct liner service with the Sri Lanka Ports Authority (SLPA), which increases maritime connectivity between the Far East, India, and East Africa through its Far East India Djibouti (FID) service.

“By providing direct connections between China, India, and Djibouti, the service is set to reduce transit times and boost trade efficiency across major global trade routes, especially with the inclusion of Colombo as a key hub port,” SeaLead said in a statement outlining the advantages of the FID service.

...

