# #SriLanka :sri_lanka: News Bulletin

<div id="news_lk_bulletin">

*Updated* **2024-03-26 20:02:14**

1. **The Central Bank of Sri Lanka (CBSL) has decided to reduce the Standing Deposit Facility Rate (SDFR) and the Standing Lending Facility Rate (SLFR) by 50 basis points to 8.50 per cent and 9.50 per cent, respectively** [adaderanalk].
   
2. **The government has decided to distribute rice to as many as 2.8 million low-income families, planning to provide 20kg of rice to each family in April and May** [adaderanalk].

3. **The United Nations Security Council demanded an immediate ceasefire between Israel and Palestinian militants Hamas and the immediate and unconditional release of all hostages** [adaderanalk].

4. **The Asian Development Bank (ADB) will finance USD 100 million and technical assistance to boost Sri Lankan small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs)** [dailyftlk].

5. **Sri Lanka earned 3,439 million rupees in February from the export of coconut water** [economynextcom].

6. **Special security measures have been implemented at churches across the country in view of the upcoming Good Friday and Easter Sunday** [dailymirrorlk].

7. **The Meteorology Department forecasts heavy showers above 100 mm at some places in Southern province and in Ampara and Monaragala districts** [adaderanalk].

8. **The Presidential Election in Sri Lanka is expected to be held in the first week of October** [dailymirrorlk].

9. **The National Minimum Wage in Sri Lanka has been increased to Rs. 17,500** [dailymirrorlk].

10. **A business couple was arrested at the Bandaranaike International Airport (BIA) for attempting to smuggle 88 live animals worth Rs. 4 million into the country from Thailand** [dailymirrorlk].

</div>

[Previous](data) Bulletins

## Methodology

This bulletin has been autogenerated by OpenAI's [gpt-4-0125-preview](https://platform.openai.com/docs/models/gpt-4-and-gpt-4-turbo) model, with the following prompt:

*Extract objective facts from this set of news articles, that might be of practical use to ordinary Sri Lankans,and present as 10 detailed bullets. EXCLUDE news not directly relevant to Sri Lanka. DO NOT duplicate repeat news articles. EXCLUDE political opinions/statements by politicians. EXCLUDE marketing/propaganda. DO mention the name of the source, as "[newspaper]". EMPHASIZE named entities and statistics in bold.*

## Source News

Based on **190** News Articles, from the last **21** hours.

# A congratulator for the country to the country of Great Bank

*2024-03-26 19:27:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194970)

Central Bank Governor Dr. Nandalal Weerasinghe says that the country's economy will be able to achieve a positive growth in the next 12 months with the end of the last quarter of the year.

The Central Bank of Sri Lanka has held a special press conference today, revealed facts about the current situation.

The Central Bank has decided to reduce the main deposit facility ratio of the Central Bank and the Permanent Credit Facility at Rs.

According to the latest reports, by the end of February 2024, US $ 4.5 billion was the official asset squad of the country.

...



# Turkish Airlines increases flights from Istanbul to Colombo

*2024-03-26 19:22:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Turkish-Airlines-increases-flights-from-Istanbul-to-Colombo/108-279646)

Colombo, March 26 (Daily Mirror) - Turkish Airlines announced a significant enhancement in its flight services with the addition of its sixth weekly flight between Istanbul and Colombo.

Effective 14th May 2024, Turkish Airlines will be increasing its weekly flights from Istanbul to Colombo, offering passengers more flexibility and convenience in their travel plans.

This strategic decision comes as part of Turkish Airlines’ commitment to meeting the growing demand for air travel between the two destinations and offering the best possible connection to those who are travelling to Istanbul and beyond.

...



# Bank boss arrested for money robbery

*2024-03-26 19:19:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194969)

A Assistant Manager of a private bank of the CID and Commerce Investigation Unit has been arrested by the Criminal Investigation Department.

The Finance and Commerce Investigation Unit of the Criminal Investigation Unit of the Criminal Investigation Unit has received a complaint that about 2022 million rupees have been illegally from 2022 to a private bank account.

Accordingly, after the investigation, it was revealed that the bank has done the illegal money transfer by the Assistant Manager of the Bank.

...



# Join us again without being ridiculed from the United People's Power - Range Bandara

*2024-03-26 19:18:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179777)

Those who have left the United National Party to the United People's Power are currently not given the right place. So I invite our friends to come back to their mother's house without being ugly from there. UNP General Secretary Palitha Range Bandara said that the door of the United National Party will always be open for them.

He was speaking at a press conference which was held on Tuesday (26) at the UNP headquarters.

...



# Presidential election October first week

*2024-03-26 19:13:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194968)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe has informed that the presidential election will be constituted to the first week of October this year.

According to political sources, the President has informed Cabinet Ministries.

According to government sources, the recommendation of the Regional Cabinet has been announced by the President.



# Baltimore bridge collapse not an intentional act: Homeland Security secretary

*2024-03-26 19:06:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Baltimore-bridge-collapse-not-an-intentional-act-Homeland-Security-secretary/108-279647)

March 26 - The Department of Homeland Security secretary, Alejandro Mayorkas, said the Key Bridge collision does not appear to be an intentional act.

In an update to X, Mayorkas said: “There are no indications this was an intentional act and we are assessing the impacts to the Port of Baltimore.”

Mayorkas added that the US Coast Guard and other agencies are in Baltimore assisting with search and rescue efforts.



# Chinese premier holds talks with Sri Lankan PM; explore cooperation in clean energy and telecom

*2024-03-26 19:02:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98220/chinese-premier-holds-talks-with-sri-lankan-pm-explore-cooperation-in-clean-energy-and-telecom)

Chinese Premier Li Qiang held talks with Sri Lankan Prime Minister Dinesh Gunawardena on Tuesday in Beijing.

Li said China and Sri Lanka are strategic partners of cooperation characterized by sincere mutual assistance and enduring friendship spanning generations. The two countries have always respected each other and enjoyed equality and reciprocal cooperation since the establishment of diplomatic relations 67 years ago, he added.

...



# Heat advisory issued for several provinces, districts

*2024-03-26 18:54:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98219/heat-advisory-issued-for-several-provinces-districts)

The Department of Meteorology has issued a heat index advisory effective tomorrow (27) for Western, Sabaragamuwa, North-western, North-Central and Southern provinces and Mannar, Vavuniya, Trincomalee and Monaragala districts.

Heat index, the temperature felt on the human body is expected to increase up to ‘Caution level’ at some places in Western, Sabaragamuwa, North-western, North-Central and Southern provinces and Mannar, Vavuniya, Trincomalee and Monaragala districts, it said.

...



# Kills one by falling off the 14th floor

*2024-03-26 18:42:08*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/14-ஆவது-மாடியில்-இருந்து-விழுந்து-ஒருவர்-பலி/175-335221)

According to Borella police, one person has died after falling off the 14th floor of the building which is being constructed at Borella DS Senanayake Mawatha.

Nalin Sampath Premaratne and Herath Mudiyansela, a 24 -year -old man who lived in Arunagama, No. 63, who died in the accident.

Police investigations have revealed that a man who died when he helped a kotanar on the 14th floor of the 18 -storey building.



# Tension between communities by land grabbing targeting places of worship in the North and East - Britain's Commonwealth and Development Office

*2024-03-26 18:41:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179776)

Sri Lanka's human rights situation continues to be compassionate. The country's North and Eastern Provinces are also facing boobs. Land grabbing is increasing at the level of compassion in the area, and sometimes they are aimed at religious places.. The British Commonwealth and Development Office said that such activities have created tension between communities.

...



# Suicide attack on Chinese engineers in Pakistan

*2024-03-26 18:37:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194967)

A suicide bomber was attacked a vehicle traveling in a north-building project in no northwest of Pakistan.

Six people were killed in the attack and this is the third attack on Chinese connections in Pakistan for a week.

At the past few days at the Blodishana State, a port and aerial headquarters launched.



# Central Bank policies declines more

*2024-03-26 18:29:51*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/මහ-බැංකුව-ප්‍රතිපත්ති-පොලී-අනුපාත-තවත්-පහත-දමයි/11-408814)

The Central Bank Monetary Policy Board (SLFR), the Central Bank's Permanent Deposit Facility (SDFR) and the Permanent Credit Facility (SLFR) has been decided by the Central Bank Monetary Policy Board on March 25, 2024.

The Finance Policy Board announced that the decision of the current and expected local and global macroeconomic trends to the economy, the current inflation of the current inflation at the level of 5% of the target.

...



# NFCO urges Power Ministry to repay electricity reconnection fees

*2024-03-26 18:21:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/NFCO-urges-Power-Ministry-to-repay-electricity-reconnection-fees/108-279644)

Colombo, March 26 (Daily Mirror) - The National Front of Civil Organizations (NFCO) today demanded that the Ministry of Power and Energy repay the fees collected as electricity reconnection charges.

NFCO president Priyantha Thilakarathna told the media that Rs. 3,000 is charged from electricity consumers for reconnections at present, but it was not reduced as announced by the Public Utilities Commission of Sri Lanka (PUCSL).

He said that the PUCSL had announced the revised charges for electricity consumers for reconnections, but the Ceylon Electricity Board (CEB) had not taken any decision to revise the reconnection charges.

...



# University system changes - President

*2024-03-26 18:19:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194966)

The president of the struggle, rescue the violence, the parliament, the Prime Minister's Office and the Presidential Secretariat, to rescue the state property and the Presidential Officers to establish law and order in the country.

President Ranil Wickremesinghe said that if it was not possible, there would be no economic stability in the country.

He said that the President emphasized that law and order should not be able to break the law and peace in the way to a country.

President Ranil Wickremesinghe made this statement at the meeting with university lecturers at the Presidential Secretariat yesterday.

...



# Cars - Two killed in motorcycle accident

*2024-03-26 18:16:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194965)

A car traveling from Matale to Warakamama has collided with a motorcycle traveling opposite direction in Kohomballe.

A young man and a young girl who was traveling on the motorcycle were admitted to the Matale District Hospital yesterday (25).

The victim was 26 years old and the girl was 32 years.

Two youth in the car had traveled and arrested them.



# Poholes May Day rally on Campbell

*2024-03-26 18:00:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194964)

MP Mahindananda Aluthgamage says that the Sri Lanka General Front will hold the May Day rally on the Colombo Campbach.

He further stated that they cannot decide whether they cannot decide and that they should not decide and determine if it is a presidential election and the election commission.

However, Mr. Aluthgamage said the Sri Lanka Cran's Front is ready for any election.



# Women’s Asia Cup 2024 to be held in Dambulla

*2024-03-26 17:58:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Womens-Asia-Cup-2024-to-be-held-in-Dambulla/108-279645)

Mar. 26 (SLC) - The Asian Cricket Council (ACC) has announced the upcoming Women's Asia Cup 2024, scheduled to take place in Dambulla, Sri Lanka, from July 19th to July 28th, 2024.

This edition of the tournament will feature eight teams, one more than the previous edition in 2022, indicating the growing interest and participation in women's cricket across Asia.

...



# The operation of the 12-style station

*2024-03-26 17:51:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194963)

12 suspects were arrested yesterday at the special operation of the IGP to arrest organized crime gang members.

The arrested persons were 11 racketeers and racketeer in Colombo, Ganemulla, Moratuwa, Panadura, Kalubowitiyana and Hikkaduwa.

The suspects are members of the bunch of these suspects, Rathusu, Borahewa, Borahewa, Kajiani, Kajipani, Dematunga, Dematunga, Dematunga and Sanjiva.



# Russian - Sri Lankan soldiers killed in Ukraine war fields;Russia who went to escape poverty

*2024-03-26 17:45:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179766)

Senakabandara, who was seriously injured in the Ukraine attack on a bunker of the Russian soldiers in the Donotsk region, was safely evacuated from the country.

Senaka said that the condition of expert Silva was worse than that.

Ukraine's unmanned planes attacked the bunkers in the Tontsk area occupied by Russia when the two Sri Lankans retreated from the scene due to heavy attacks.

"Ukraine's unmanned planes were involved in a fierce attack," he said.

When I was hanging out, I was once again the unmanned air strike of Ukraine on the final bunker.

He said this while receiving treatment at the Donetsk Hospital in Eastern Ukraine.

...



# Suicide bombing in Pakistan - five Chinese citizens killed

*2024-03-26 17:42:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179775)

A military official said that a murder bomb was attacked on a vehicle that was traveling in Chinese citizens in Pakistan's northwestern part of Pakistan.

Chinese engineers were traveling from Islamabad to their camp in Dasu, Khyber Pakhtunwa province, and the suicide bomber drove his vehicle to their vehicle, said an army official.

He noted that five Chinese citizens and their vehicle, Pakistan citizen, have been killed.

Dasu is a dam for the main hydraulic station. The Chinese company has been creating attacks in the past and nine Chinese nationals were killed in a bus bomb in 2021.



# Investigations into the assets of 20 more arrested

*2024-03-26 17:39:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179757)

830 male suspects and 9 female suspects have been arrested during the strategy carried out by the police.

42 of them have been detained for further investigations and investigations are underway into the assets of 20 suspects.

In addition, in the Western Province, drugs such as 201 grams, 103 grams and 103 grams of cannabis were seized during the strategy in the Western Province.



# ACC announces Women’s Asia Cup 2024 in Sri Lanka

*2024-03-26 17:38:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98218/acc-announces-womens-asia-cup-2024-in-sri-lanka)

The Asian Cricket Council (ACC) has announced the upcoming Women’s Asia Cup 2024, scheduled to take place in Dambulla, Sri Lanka, from July 19th to July 28th, 2024.

This edition of the tournament will feature eight teams, one more than the previous edition in 2022, indicating the growing interest and participation in women’s cricket across Asia, the ACC said in a statement.

Joining the cricketing powerhouses of India, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, and Bangladesh will be the semi-finalists of the Women’s Premier Cup 2024 - UAE, Malaysia, Nepal, and Thailand.

...



# UNP attack on the main office of the UNP

*2024-03-26 17:34:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179774)

A senior police official said that a hand grenade was attacked on Tuesday (26) on the main office of the United National Party (UNP) in Kadawatha.

Police suspect that the hand grenade may have been carried out due to political revenge.

During a raid carried out by the police, one hand was found on the road in front of the party office and another hand inside the party office.



# Demonstrators in Kalutara - police clash!

*2024-03-26 17:31:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179771)

The clash between the protesters and the police of the People's Movement in the central part of the city of Kalutara today (26).

The people protesters protested in front of the main bus station in protest of the rise in the cost of living, tax hikes, electricity tariffs, and the arrest of the protesters of terrorism and the arrest of the protesters.

Since the morning, the police have been strengthened in the Kalutara Nagar and Kalutara Nagar neighborhood and the police have been strengthened and the police have been concentrated in the area.



# Higher passenger and aircraft movements at airports

*2024-03-26 17:29:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Higher-passenger-and-aircraft-movements-at-airports/108-279643)

Colombo, March 26 (Daily Mirror) - By the end of February 2024, Sri Lanka airports had recorded 1,602,417 international passenger movements and 8,946 international aircraft movements, Airport and Aviation Services (Sri Lanka) (Pvt) Limited  (AASL) Chairman Eng. Athula Galketiya said.

Compared with the same period in 2023, the growth of the increase in international passenger movements in 2024 is approximately 40.39%, while the increase in international aircraft movements is approximately 30.77 %.

...



# Second Look Poster of 'Genini' starring Jayam Ravi

*2024-03-26 17:27:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179772)

After the commercial success of 'Siren', the film crew, who is re -starring star starring Jayam Ravi, has been surprised by the release of the film crew and the second look poster of the film 'Geni', which is more than expected than expected.

Directed by director Arjunan, 'Geni' starring Jayam Ravi, Keerthi Shetty, Kalyani Priyadarshan, Vamika Kabi, Devayani and many others.

Mahesh Muthuswamy's cinematography. R. Rahman has composed the music.Producer Doctor Isari on behalf of Wales Film International Photo Company. Ganesh has produced.

...



# ANFREL seeks to monitor Presidential Election in October

*2024-03-26 17:23:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/ANFREL-seeks-to-monitor-Presidential-Election-in-October/108-279642)

Colombo, March 26 -  The Asian Network for Free Elections (ANFREL) expressed its intent to observe the upcoming 2024 Sri Lankan Presidential Election during a meeting with the Elections Commission of Sri Lanka today, a statement from it said.

ANFREL has observed 12 elections in Sri Lanka since 2001 promoting international principles of democratic elections. ANFREL is a regional election observation group working to defend and protect democratic elections through elections observations, capacity building, and campaign and advocacy.

...



# Sri Lanka Cricket Women's Cricket Tournament

*2024-03-26 17:19:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194962)

The Asian Cup Women's Cricket Tournament has been decided to hold the Asia Cricket Tournament in Sri Lanka.

The tournament will be held from July 19 to 28 at the Dambulla International Cricket Stadium.



# Sri Lanka to promote registration of ships under its flag

*2024-03-26 17:02:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98217/sri-lanka-to-promote-registration-of-ships-under-its-flag)

The government is eyeing to promote the registration of ships under the Sri Lankan flag in a bid to general direct and indirect employment opportunities.

As such, the Cabinet of Ministers has green-lighted a proposal, tabled by the Minister of Ports, Shipping and Aviation seeking permission to invite qualified domestic and foreign investors to register ships under the Sri Lankan flag.

The government will thus call Expressions of Interest (EOIs) and proposals to select the most suitable investor on the recommendation of the Procurement Committee, consequent to the evaluation of the proposals by a Technical Evaluation Committee.

...



# Cyber attack on Minister Pavithra Wanniyarachchi's Facebook page

*2024-03-26 16:56:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179763)

A cyber attack on the official Facebook page of Wildlife and Forest Protection Minister Pavithra Wanniyarachchi has been attacked.

After the cyber attack, hackers have recorded a variety of videos, including internet games on the minister's official Facebook page.

It is reported that a cyber attack may have been carried out on Monday (26) evening.

No official announcement has been made from the minister's side regarding the cyber attack.



# A revelation of the crowded ship that was hit by Sri Lanka while returning to Sri Lanka

*2024-03-26 16:55:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194961)

It is reported that the ship staff of the Baltim to travel from the Baltimo porting from the Baltimo.

There were 22 Indian nationals as the staff of the ship and they have not yet left the ship.

The ship, which was used under the "Dali ', was in front of the Singapore Flag.

As a result, the bridge crashed into the river and about 7 vehicles traveling on the bridge had fallen into the river.

The fire department states that about 20 people are guessed to fall into the river.

Two relief teams were rescued and one of them was serious.

...



# A hand grenade attack on UNP office

*2024-03-26 16:53:51*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/එක්සත්-ජාතික-පක්ෂ-කාර්යාලයකට-අත්-බෝම්බ-ප්‍රහාරයක්/11-408813)

The Nadeniya of Kadawatha has been attacked today with a hand grenade today.

The Wisdom Harmi Kapwa was found in the road near the party office, and the hand grenade was found in the party office. The hand grenade suspect is the product of a foreign country.



# Pleasure filed against Prasanna Ranatunga sentenced to examination

*2024-03-26 16:40:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194960)

The Court of Appeal was given today (26) to hear the appeals petition filed by Minister Prasanna Ranatunga presented to the punishment against the punishment.

It was with regard to an incident that had been accused of the purpose of carrying out a land of the Meethotamulla area in Kolonnawa.

This appeal petition is today. N. The five-member appellaration of Mr. Samarakoon was called before a panel of judges.

The lawyers of both parties demanded the Petition for the examination.

The Court of Appeal was appointed to hear the appearance petition on April 30 and May 3.

...



# Court dismisses preliminary objections raised in Keheliya’s misappropriation case

*2024-03-26 16:39:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98216/court-dismisses-preliminary-objections-raised-in-keheliyas-misappropriation-case-)

The Colombo High Court on Tuesday (March 26) dismissed preliminary objections raised by Keheliya Rambukwella and another accused in a misappropriation case, stating that the lawsuit filed by the Bribery Commission could not be maintained.

The duo is accused of allegedly misappropriating the funds belonging to the State Printing Corporation to pay Rambukwella’s personal telephone bill amounting to Rs. 230,000 between March and April 2012, during his tenure as the Mass Media Minister.

...



# “I will not resign for the salary issue”

*2024-03-26 16:24:52*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/சம்பளப்-பிரச்சினைக்காக-பதவி-விலக-மாட்டேன்/175-335220)

Governor of the Central Bank of Sri Lanka, Dr. Nandalal Weerasinghe today said that the governor will not resign due to the problems caused by the salary increase.

Commenting on the media, he said the crisis was caused by the central bank's salary increase.

He also said that he would review the salary increase of employees under him.

The governor added that he would only resign from office if he failed to fulfill his responsibilities properly and that he had the responsibility to focus on the salaries of the employees as the corporation chairman.

...



# The fate of a 14th floor fate

*2024-03-26 16:23:19*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/14-වන-මහලින්-වැටුණු-අයකුට-අත්වූ-ඉරණම/11-408812)

The Borella police states that the 14th floor of a building constructed at Borella de S. Senanayake Mawatha.

Police investigations have revealed that the victim has fallen to the 14th floor of the house of the 18th floor of the house.

The victim of the accident was admitted to the Colombo National Hospital at the time of the event and the doctors have been inspected and told him that he had died.



# Shakib Al Hasan returns for second Test against Sri Lanka

*2024-03-26 16:23:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Shakib-Al-Hasan-returns-for-second-Test-against-Sri-Lanka/108-279641)

Mar. 26 (ICC) - Bangladesh make two changes to their 15-member squad for the second Test against Sri Lanka in Chattogram.

In a big boost to Bangladesh’s hopes of drawing the Test series against Sri Lanka as Shakib Al Hasan makes a comeback to the squad for the second match, starting 30 March.

Shakib returns to international cricket for the first time since the ICC Men’s Cricket World Cup in November 2023. His campaign was cut short ahead of Bangladesh’s last World Cup match against Australia due to a left index finger injury.

...



# Five-member SC bench to hear petitions challenging Online Safety Act

*2024-03-26 16:22:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98215/five-member-sc-bench-to-hear-petitions-challenging-online-safety-act)

A five-member Supreme Court bench has been appointed by Chief Justice Jayantha Jayasuriya to consider the fundamental rights (FR) petitions filed challenging the passing of the Online Safety Act in the parliament.

The petitions were called before the judge bench chaired by Supreme Court Justice S. Thurairajah, on Monday (March 25).

...



# The story of the solemnchmen who spoke the whole

*2024-03-26 16:19:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194959)

The collaboration of the popular singer Ajith Muthukumarana was a heavy performance of the famous day of a 16-year love story.

A resident of Embilipitiya have left for Italy after their marriage.

The couple in the entire country were popular in the entire country over the course of the entire family, at the time of the unstable social media.



# Northern Province farmers' electricity will be reduced

*2024-03-26 16:12:47*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/வடமாகாண-விவசாயிகளின்-மின்கட்டணம்-குறைக்கப்படும்/175-335219)

Minister of Agriculture and Plantation Industries Mahinda Amaraweera said that the Cabinet paper will be submitted to reduce the electricity tariffs of the Northern Province farmers who use electricity for agricultural purposes.

He said the decision was taken in view of the commitment of the people of the Northern Province to carry out all the tasks with great efforts in agricultural activities.

The Minister said that the president had advised the people of the Northern and Eastern Province to allocate most of the money allocated to the ministries when implementing development activities.

...



# Special security measures in place for Good Friday, Easter Sunday

*2024-03-26 16:12:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Special-security-measures-in-place-for-Good-Friday-Easter-Sunday/108-279639)

(Colombo), March 26 (Daily Mirror) -  Special security measures have been implemented at churches across the country in view of the upcoming Good Friday and Easter Sunday, police said.

Police spokesman DIG Nihal Thalduwa said that Inspector-General of Police (IGP) Deshabandu Tennakoon has directed all officers, including Senior Deputy Inspectors General of Police (SDIGs), DIGs, and officers in charge (OICs) of police divisions to ensure enhanced security.

He said Police OICs have been instructed to collaborate with priests and boards of trustees of churches to develop tailored security plans during Holy Masses from March 29 to 31.

...



# The tragedy of the student who died of motorcycle crash in Kottawa

*2024-03-26 16:08:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194958)

An 18-year-old youth was killed in an accident in Kottawa and High Level yesterday and further information has been revealed about the accident.

The unfortunate case was faced with the GCE A / L examination.

The victim was a friend of Hane friend, and was back in the accident.

It was reported that the militarized motorcycle, which was eagerly eagerly eager to, had taken it to show it to a mother.

The motorcycle, which was traveling to the Makumbura on the road to the motorcycle back to the motorcycle, was hit by a van towards Kottawa.

The motorcycle rose to the midwife towards the Makumbura and collided with a cab.

...



# There is a warm situation between the Kalutara protesters and the police

*2024-03-26 15:54:52*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/කළුතර-විරෝධතාකරුවන්-සහ-පොලිසිය-අතර-උණුසුම්-තත්ත්වයක්/11-408811)

In the center of Kalutara, the 26th afternoon, a group of protesters and the police had warmed between the police.

The People's Struggle Movement was protesting in front of the main bus stand as the heavy, tax prices, electricity bill, terrorism and protesters were taken into custody.

From the morning to and around Kalutara and surrounding police protection was found and several police teams were deployed in the protest.

Several protesters sat on the protest with the protests and two of their supporters were brought to the protesters while protesting.

...



# In Jaffna

*2024-03-26 15:46:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179759)

A man who suffered from knee pain has gone to the treatment center under the name of Acupunjer Treatment on the recent birth street in Jaffna Nagar, relying on social media.

He was admitted to the Jaffna Bodhana Hospital for treatment of severe pains after treatment.

During the anatomical examination, it was found that injections were caused by infections, such as acupuncture therapy, causing the death of the body.

...



# Two persons arrested for allegedly involved in iron theft at Cement Cement Factory

*2024-03-26 15:35:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179758)

Two persons have been arrested on Tuesday (26) on charges of iron theft.

The vehicle used for theft and a sum of iron rods has been seized by the police.

Based on the confidential information received by the Police Intelligence Unit, the police arrested two men involved in the theft.

The arrested persons, their vehicle, and a large amount of iron rods stolen by them have been handed over to the Kankesanthurai police station for further legal action.



# CB governor vows not to resign over salary increase

*2024-03-26 15:32:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/CB-governor-vows-not-to-resign-over-salary-increase/108-279637)

Colombo, March 26 (Daily Mirror) - The Governor of the Central Bank of Sri Lanka (CBSL), Dr. Nandalal Weerasinghe today that he will not step down from the post of Governor due to the issues caused by the salary increase.

While addressing the media, he said the crisis situation was caused by the amount of the salary increase at the CBSL.

He also said that he will reconsider the salary increase for the employees working under him.

...



# CB governor vows not to resign over salary increase

*2024-03-26 15:32:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/top-story/CB-governor-vows-not-to-resign-over-salary-increase/155-279637)

Colombo, March 26 (Daily Mirror) - The Governor of the Central Bank of Sri Lanka (CBSL), Dr. Nandalal Weerasinghe today that he will not step down from the post of Governor due to the issues caused by the salary increase.

While addressing the media, he said the crisis situation was caused by the amount of the salary increase at the CBSL.

He also said that he will reconsider the salary increase for the employees working under him.

...



# The Court of Appeal of the Special Presidential Commission appointed Gotabhaya

*2024-03-26 15:25:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179755)

The Court of Appeal on Monday (Monday) ruled that all the recommendations of the Special Presidential Commission appointed by former President Gotabhaya Rajapakse to investigate the alleged political revenge during the good governance.

The petitioners have requested the Court of Appeal to make them invalid because the recommendations made by the Presidential Commission to investigate the alleged political revenge that have taken place from 08.01.2015 to the 2019 presidential election.

...



# A law banned by children under 14 years of age

*2024-03-26 15:18:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194957)

Social media has decided to ban the social media for children in Florida, USA.

The State Governor has signed the law to the law. Foreign media reports.

Accordingly, the state of Florida is prohibited to have social media accounts for children under 14 years of age.

Also, children have been instructed to take the necessary measures to delegate existing social media accounts for children under 14 years.



# The bridge collapsed and many vehicles fell into the river: In the United States

*2024-03-26 15:17:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179741)

The massive ship crashed into a long bridge in the United States and collapsed in the river. Many vehicles have fallen into the river.

The Francis Scott Key Bridge, a bridge in Baltimore, Maryland, was demolished.

A massive cargo ship crashed into a 366m long bridge at around 1.35 am this morning, an official said.

At least 20 construction employees were on the bridge, according to the Adakar.



# Yall. The area of the Kirimalai President's House is abandoned by the resistance of the people!

*2024-03-26 15:16:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179752)

Land Survey Department officials were visiting at around 10 am today to make the area where the Jaffna - Kirimalai Presidential House is located on the basis of the development of the city.

Land owners and civilians have expressed their opposition to the land measurement and intercepted the vehicle's vehicle.

Later, the landowner officials then returned from there after the land owners wrote and signed a letter that they had no interest in measurement of the land in the wake of the long -term land owners.

...



# SLAF partners with Arthur C Clarke Institute for tech advancement

*2024-03-26 15:16:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/caption-story/SLAF-partners-with-Arthur-C-Clarke-Institute-for-tech-advancement/110-279635)

...



# A new tax instead of special commodity tax

*2024-03-26 15:00:40*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/විශේෂ-වෙළඳ-භාණ්ඩ-බද්ද-වෙනුවට-අලුත්-බද්දක්/11-408810)

Cabinet approval has been obtained to suspend the Special Commodity Tax Act No. 48 of 2007.

Special commodities have been imposed under the Special Commodity Tax Act No. 48 of 2007 to facilitate the facilitation of 64 items.

The government has identified the need to suspend the Tax Act to instruct the Legal Draftsman for the various issues that arise in the implementation of the grafting.



# Acupuncture

*2024-03-26 14:59:57*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/யாழ்ப்பாணம்/ஆளைக்-கொன்றது-அக்குபஞ்சர்/71-335217)

Gemikam Sakthunarajah (age 64), who was receiving acupuncture treatment in the eastern part of Jaffna Achuveli, died.

A man who suffered from knee pain has gone to the treatment center under the name of Acupuncture Treatment at the Paravan Road near Jaffna Nagar, relying on social media for treatment.

During the anatomical examination, it was found that injections were caused by infected infections, such as acupuncture therapy, causing death due to spread throughout the body.



# Expressways assigns to investments Limited

*2024-03-26 14:52:00*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/අධිවේගී-මාර්ග-සහස්යා-ඉන්වෙස්ට්මන්ට්-ලිමිටඩ්-වෙත-පවරයි/11-408809)

The proposal made by Hon.

At the Cabinet meeting of the Cabinet Meeting and the AW (LGNly) and the Rice Development Authority (Local) and the Road Development Authority (Local) and the Road Development Authority (Local) and the Road Development Authority can be more commercially managed by the Expressway.The plan has been approved at the Cabinet Meeting held on 05.02.2012.

...



# Cabinet Paper to reduce electricity charges for Northern Province farmers

*2024-03-26 14:51:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Cabinet-Paper-to-reduce-electricity-charges-for-Northern-Province-farmers/108-279634)

Colombo, March 26 (Daily Mirror) - A Cabinet Paper will be submitted to reduce the electricity charges of farmers in the Northern Province who use electricity for agricultural purposes, Agriculture and Plantation Industries Minister Mahinda Amaraweera said.

He said the decision was taken in consideration of the commitment of the people of the Northern Province to carry out all the work with great effort in the agricultural activities.

...



# Sri Lanka has clashed in the bridge

*2024-03-26 14:50:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194955)

International media reports that Sri Lanka was a ship that was in the Baltimo River in Baltimo, USA.

Dali නම් එම බහාලුම් ප්‍රවාහන නෞකාව ගැටීම හේතුවෙන් සැතපුම් 1.6ක් දිගැති එම පාලම සම්පූර්ණයෙන්ම කඩා වැටී තිබේ.

The videos indicating that is now circulate in the social media.

Although no one was injured in the bridge, it was reported that about 7 people have been reported missing due to the accident.

It was reported that several vehicles have fallen into the river and there are relief groups.



# The passion fruit production is opening technology model park

*2024-03-26 14:48:28*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/පැෂන්-පෘට්-නිෂ්පාදන-තාක්ෂණික-ආදර්ශ-උද්‍යානය-විවෘත-කරයි/11-408808)

Sri Lanka's first Juma Karweera, Minister of Agriculture and Plantation Industries opened the Sri Lanka's first Jumbo Perera, Minister of Agriculture and Plantation Industries.

200 farmers have launched a paced fruit and has also launched a paced fruit factory with the participation of the farmers.. Planning of this passion fruit is designed to ripen the export and local market. The farmers cultivate the park in this park so that more yields can be obtained using new techniques.

...



# Another case against the Keheliya will be appointed

*2024-03-26 14:44:13*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/කෙහෙළියට-එරෙහි-තවත්-නඩුවකට-දින-නියම-වෙයි/11-408807)

Minister of Health Keheliya Rambukwella and State Printing Lillena have accused the bribery bribery by the State Printing Corporation to cover the mobile phone tariff bill.He was rejected by Colombo High Court Judge Dumith Thotawatte to be held on July 22nd

In announcing the accused of illness, the defendant's Keheliya Rambukwella was produced before the Court of Prison officials to be produced before courts.

...



# Increasing dissatisfaction in the North and East amidst storytelling on reconciliation

*2024-03-26 14:35:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179749)

The dissatisfaction among the Tamil political community takes a new twist in Parliament because the government fails to treat themselves honestly and solve their grievances.. Tamil MPs are embarking on a peaceful struggle instead of talks, as it is impossible to understand the majority of votes.

...



# Life Sunday attack: Former President Maithripala Sirisena's confession to the Attorney General!

*2024-03-26 14:34:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179747)

It is reported that former President Maithripala Sirisena has been sent to the Attorney General by voting to the Criminal Investigation Department, saying that he knows who carried out the lifeblood.

Voting received by former President Maithripala Sirisena by Criminal Investigation Officers for more than 6 hours has been sent to the Attorney General for further legal action.

...



# National Minimum Salary Rs. Increases by 5000

*2024-03-26 14:29:16*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/ජාතික-අවම-වැටුප-රු--5000කින්-වැඩි-කරයි/11-408806)

The National Minimum salary has approved the cabinet paper that the Cabinet of Labor Manusha Nanayakkara has constructed the national minimum Rs.



# Today's currency exchange rate

*2024-03-26 14:23:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179746)

The US $ 297.6319 is Rs.



# Sirikotha doors open to SJBers including Harsha: Range Bandara

*2024-03-26 14:21:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Sirikotha-doors-open-to-SJBers-including-Harsha-Range-Bandara/108-279633)

Colombo, March 26 (Daily Mirror) - The doors of UNP headquarters Sirikotha are open at all times to all Samagi Jana Balawegaya (SJB) members, UNP General Secretary Palitha Range Bandara said today.

“Our doors are open to SJBers to join us any time. Therefore, we invite all those who left us over various reasons to re-join us,” Range Bandara told a media briefing.

“SJBers are being sidelined by its leadership. It is not Harsha de Silva who decides the SJB's stand on the economy today but others such as Nalaka Godahewa. Therefore, we invite those such as Harsha to join us. Join us before you perish,” he said.

...



# Major bridge in Baltimore collapses after ship crash

*2024-03-26 14:19:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98214/major-bridge-in-baltimore-collapses-after-ship-crash)

The 1.6-mile (2.57 km) long Francis Scott Key Bridge in Baltimore, Maryland, USA collapsed in the early hours of Tuesday after a container ship hit it, and as many as seven people may be in the water, officials said.

A live video posted on YouTube showed a ship hitting the bridge, after which several of its spans collapsed into the Patapsco River. Unverified videos posted on social media X also showed the impact and collapse. Reuters could not immediately verify the videos.

The Baltimore City Fire Department described the collapse as a mass-casualty incident, and said workers were searching for seven people in the river.

...



# Major US bridge collapses after being hit by ‘Colombo-bound’ ship

*2024-03-26 14:19:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98214/major-us-bridge-collapses-after-being-hit-by-colombo-bound-ship)

Baltimore’s Key Bridge has collapsed after it was hit by a container ship, sending cars that were crossing at the time plunging into the waters of the Patapsco River.

At least seven people are believed to be in the water and rescue efforts are ongoing at the site of the collapse, according to the Baltimore Fire Department.

Multiple videos shared on social media showed a large cargo ship ramming into one of the bridge’s support pillars, causing it to come crashing down into the river.

...



# 'False information about Maithri's confession'

*2024-03-26 14:17:32*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/மைத்திரியின்-வாக்குமூலம்-குறித்து-பொய்யான-தகவல்கள்/175-335216)

The Sri Lanka Freedom Party (SLFP) has said that the reports of former President Maithripala Sirisena yesterday have been false and distorted on major media and social media regarding the confession of the Criminal Investigation Department.

The party said in a statement that it would condemn such false and distorted statements.



# Maithri gave the statement misleading

*2024-03-26 14:16:48*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/මෛත්‍රී-දුන්-ප්‍රකාශය-වැරදියට-පළ-කරනවා/11-408805)

Sri Lanka Freedom Party (SLFP) General Secretary Sarahy Dreaminna announces that former President Maithripala Sirisena was distorted by the Criminal Investigation Department regarding the Easter investigation Department.

Mithrpala, the Meeting of the Meeting Maithripala Sirisena and former Sri Lanka Freedom Party (SLFP) is also present.



# 52 people assassinated in the North last year;129 arrested;38 people bail

*2024-03-26 14:15:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179744)

Police said that 52 people were murdered in the Northern Province last year and 129 were arrested on the basis of investigations carried out in the Northern Province.

There have been 14 murder incidents in areas including the Jaffna Police Region. Based on the investigation, 44 suspects have been arrested and produced in courts and 11 suspects have been allowed to go on bail by the court.. Others are still detained in interrogation.

...



# Approval granted for 70 MW Solar Photovoltaic Power Plant Installation Project

*2024-03-26 14:08:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Approval-granted-for-70-MW-Solar-Photovoltaic-Power-Plant-Installation-Project/108-279632)

Colombo, March 26 (Daily Mirror) - Cabinet approval has been granted for the solar photovoltaic power plant installation project for 70 MW with an AC capacity ranging from 1 to 5 MW in 11 grid sub-stations.

Accordingly, Cabinet approval has been given on October 2, 2023, for the award of contracts relating to the supply of 51 MW at 5 grid sub-stations on a build, own and operate basis with an operational period of 20 years under the Solar Photovoltaic Power Plant Installation Project.

Proposals have been invited again for the supply of 19 MW for the remaining six sub-stations.

...



# Kirimala Measurement: Abandoned by Resistance

*2024-03-26 14:05:07*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/யாழ்ப்பாணம்/கீரிமலை-அளவீடு-எதிர்ப்பால்-கைவிடப்பட்டது/71-335215)

Land Survey Department officials visited the Jaffna -Kirimalai Presidential House on Tuesday (26) at 10 am to make measurements on the basis of the development of the city.

Land owners and civilians were protesting for the land measurement and intercepting the vehicle's vehicle.

The landlord officials returned from there after the land owners wrote and signed a letter that they had no interest in measurement of the land in the wake of the long -term opposition of the land owners.

...



# 1.6 miles long bridge collapses

*2024-03-26 14:03:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194954)

A large bridge across the Patapsco River in Baltimo in the Baltimo area in the Baltimo has crashed this morning.

The International Media says that the 1.6-mile lengthy bridge has fallen completely.

The videos indicating that is now circulate in the social media.

No or has ever been reported to have been injured due to the collapse of the bridge.



# 30 people arrested in Kattankudi

*2024-03-26 14:02:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179740)

The 30 persons who were arrested and prosecuted by the Kattankudy police were arrested by the Magistrate's Court on Tuesday (26) on Tuesday (26).

When the case was taken up in court today, lawyers Mukheedin Sally, Nauser, Nibras, Abra and Ramsiya appeared on behalf of the suspects and presented their arguments.

Batticaloa Magistrate's Court Judge M HM Hamza acquitted the suspects.



# The amendment of the electoral system will not postpone any election

*2024-03-26 14:01:43*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/මැතිවරණ-ක්‍රමය-සංශෝධනයෙන්-කිසිම-මැතිවරණයක්-කල්-දාන්නේ-නෑ/11-408804)

President's Countermant, Dr. Wijayadasa Rajapakse said that the election of election amendments would not be expected to postpone any election due to the election.

Since 1994, the Minister said that none of the elections were promised to resist corruption and the electoral system, said that President Ranil Wickremesinghe has already introduced amendments to corruption and introduce a proportional election system.

Minister of Justice, Principal and Constitutional Reforms Minister Dr. Wijayadasa Rajapaksa made this statement participating at a press conference held by a stable country.

...



# Keheliya supporters who interfered journalists

*2024-03-26 13:58:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194953)

Former Minister Keheliya Rambukwella brought to court today (26), remanded for a bribe case being heard in the Colombo High Court today.

A group of people who suspect the supporters of the former minister has interrupted journalists.



# Three women involved in drug racket from Dubai

*2024-03-26 13:51:39*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/ඩුබායි-සිට-මෙහෙයවන-මත්ද්‍රව්‍ය-ජාවාරමකට-සම්බන්ධ-කාන්තාවන්-තිදෙනෙක්-අල්ලයි/11-408803)

The Western Province, the criminal area of the Western Province says three women who are conducting drug trafficking in the country's drug trafficking in Dubai.

The suspects were taken into custody by 21370 liters of ice drugs in possession.

The arrested persons are an organized criminal and a drug dealer, Navy Ruwan, a narcotic dealer, Navy Ruwan.

...



# CBSL governor explains why Parate Law suspension is ‘not good’

*2024-03-26 13:51:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98213/cbsl-governor-explains-why-parate-law-suspension-is-not-good-)

The Governor of Central Bank of Sri Lanka (CBSL), Dr. Nandalal Weerasinghe on Tuesday (March 26), asserted that he would not resign over the controversy surrounding the salary increase.

During the Q&A session of the special media briefing convened at the CBSL to present the second Monetary Policy Review of 2024, the Governor spoke of his duty towards his employees as the head of the institution.

...



# CBSL governor explains why Parate Law suspension ‘not good’ for credit supply

*2024-03-26 13:51:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98213/cbsl-governor-explains-why-parate-law-suspension-not-good-for-credit-supply)

The Governor of Central Bank of Sri Lanka (CBSL), Dr. Nandalal Weerasinghe on Tuesday (March 26), asserted that he would not resign over the controversy surrounding the salary increase.

During the Q&A session of the special media briefing convened at the CBSL to present the second Monetary Policy Review of 2024, the Governor spoke of his duty towards his employees as the head of the institution.

...



# Shifting of expressway network from RDA to Sahasya Investment Limited approved

*2024-03-26 13:43:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Shifting-of-expressway-network-from-RDA-to-Sahasya-Investment-Limited-approved/108-279631)

Colombo, March 26 (Daily Mirror) - Government approval was granted for the shifting of the expressway network from the Road Development Authority (RDA) to Sahasya Investment Limited.

While addressing the media, Cabinet spokesman Minister Bandula Gunawardana said after shifting the expressway network to Sahasya Investment Limited, the land owned by highways, highway loans, and related staff can be managed more commercially.

The respective action plan was approved at the Cabinet meeting held on February 5.

...



# Francis Scott key Bridge collapses after ship collision en route to Colombo

*2024-03-26 13:40:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Francis-Scott-key-Bridge-collapses-after-ship-collision-en-route-to-Colombo/108-279630)

Baltimore, March 26 (New York Post) - A mass casualty event has been declared after a bridge in Baltimore, Md., was struck by a container ship Tuesday morning.

Horror footage shows the moment the Francis Scott Key Bridge crumbled after a vessel crashed into the central part of the structure.

The steel arches then instantly dismantled into the Patapsco River shortly before 1:30 a.m.

It was reported that the Singapore-flagged cargo ship bound for Colombo, Sri Lanka struck the Francis Scott Key Bridge in Baltimore at 1:27AM ET.

...



# Mahinda Rajapaksa conveys condolences after Moscow attack

*2024-03-26 13:15:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/caption-story/Mahinda-Rajapaksa-conveys-condolences-after-Moscow-attack/110-279628)

Former President Mahinda Rajapaksa visited the Russian Embassy in Colombo today to express his condolences following the recent terrorist attack in Moscow. In a solemn gesture of solidarity and sympathy, he signed the condolence book to convey his deepest condolences to the government and people of Russia.



# Mahinda conveys condolences after Moscow attack

*2024-03-26 13:15:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/caption-story/Mahinda-conveys-condolences-after-Moscow-attack/110-279628)

Former President Mahinda Rajapaksa visited the Russian Embassy in Colombo today to express his condolences following the recent terrorist attack in Moscow. In a solemn gesture of solidarity and sympathy, he signed the condolence book to convey his deepest condolences to the government and people of Russia.



# Special security plan in place for Good Friday and Easter Sunday

*2024-03-26 13:12:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98212/special-security-plan-in-place-for-good-friday-and-easter-sunday)

Sri Lanka Police is organizing a special security plan to be set in place at churches across the country in view of the upcoming Good Friday and Easter Sunday, as per the instructions of Inspector-General of Police (IGP) Deshabandu Tennakoon.

Accordingly, the police chief has given directives to all officers including the Senior Deputy Inspectors General of Police (SDIGs), DIGs and officers in charge (OICs) of police divisions.

The OICs are instructed to meet with the priests and boards of trustees of churches to prepare security plans tailored to each church while the Holy Masses are in progress from 29 - 31 March.

...



# Special security arrangements for Good Friday and Easter Sunday

*2024-03-26 13:12:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98212/special-security-arrangements-for-good-friday-and-easter-sunday)

Sri Lanka Police is organizing a special security plan to be set in place at churches across the country in view of the upcoming Good Friday and Easter Sunday, as per the instructions of Inspector-General of Police (IGP) Deshabandu Tennakoon.

Accordingly, the police chief has given directives to all officers including the Senior Deputy Inspectors General of Police (SDIGs), DIGs and officers in charge (OICs) of police divisions.

...



# Fort Justice Thilina Kamage attempts to kill

*2024-03-26 13:08:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179739)

Public Security Minister Tran Ales has issued a directive to the Inspector General of Police Deshabandu Thenkon to investigate the trial of Fort Justice Thilina Kamage.

According to a letter sent by a spy, Minister Tran Alas has given this instruction.

The inquiries have been launched on the information received by a state spy that a person has demanded a gun via telephone to kill Justice Thilina Kamage.

It is reported that the spy has provided details with the person's telephone numbers and investigations are underway.



# Keheliya's bribery case rejected

*2024-03-26 13:04:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194951)

The Colombo High Court today rejected a preliminary protest against the accused by the Bribery Commission (Bribery Commission) against former Minister Keheliya Rambukwella and two accused.

Accordingly, Colombo High Court Judge Damith Thatawatte was also given to continue the case filed by former Minister Keheliya Rambukwella and former Minister of State Printing Corporation.

The trial was then held on July 22.

Former Minister Keheliya Rambukwella was produced before court when the case was taken up.

A sum of Rs.The case has been filed against the two defendants by the Commission.



# Train crashed in Pali - Itail area;Service is impacting a few hours

*2024-03-26 13:03:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179737)

A train crashed into a cow on Tuesday (26).

The accident has been affected by the train for a few hours.



# Court orders the Attorney General to detect whether heavy relief can be given

*2024-03-26 13:03:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194950)

The Colombo High Court today ordered the Attorney General today to find out if a powerful drug dealer who is holding a strong drug dealer in the Tangalle Prison on court orders.

The order was issued by Mr. Colombo High Court Judge Thatawatte.

Sampath Mendis appearing on behalf of the defendant, Sampath Mendis appeared in the courtroom, said his client asks for several facilities.

According to the President's Counsel, the accused will issue a report to submit a report to the acquittua for 15 minutes to provide a report to a lawyer for advice in the lawyers.

...



# Suspect arrested with heroin drug

*2024-03-26 13:00:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179729)

One person was arrested with drugs while conducting a raid on the basis of information received by the police in the Wattala area.

400 ml of 400 ml of heroin has been seized.



# The clash in Gaza continues even after the Security Council resolution for the ceasefire

*2024-03-26 12:59:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179738)

The UN demanded that the ceasefire be implemented in Gaza. Israel's attacks against Hamas continues in Gaza, despite the resolution passed in the Security Council.

The United Nations Security Council (UN Security Council) was passed on Monday (the United Nations Security Council (UN Security) to implement the ceasefire in Gaza during the Ramadan period. The US did not participate in the referendum.. The other 14 countries in the Security Council voted in favor of the proposal.

...



# In a country with no successful education system, development cannot be expected: Sagala Ratnayake

*2024-03-26 12:59:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179735)

Sagala Ratnayake, a senior advisor to the president's national security and the President's Task Force, said that in a country where there is no successful education system, development cannot be expected.

Sagala Ratnayake pointed out that no matter how many educational reforms are prepared and the human resources are not managed accordingly, the educational reforms will not benefit.

...



# Accident in Jaffna;Death

*2024-03-26 12:51:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179736)

One person was killed in an accident on Monday night (25) night in the Jaffna -Kodikamam police division.

The deceased is Chinnarasa Sudanraja (age 41) from Vivekananda Nagar, Kilinochchi.

The luxury bus traveling from Jaffna to Colombo, on the Jaffna -Kandy Highway, crashed into a motorcycle in front of a pedestrian crossing in front of Meesalai Veerasingham College.

The driver of the bus and the conductor of the bus, who had been killed in the accident, abandoned the bus at the site of the accident and surrendered to the Kodikama police station.



# Hamas leader to Iran

*2024-03-26 12:36:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194949)

International media reports that Hamas leader is due to arrive in Iran today (26).

It is said that he is going to Sri Lanka to hold talks with Iranian authorities.

Hamas on October 7, Hamas leader is the second time Hamas leader is on Iran after the commencement of Israeli conflicts.

The Hamas Leader also expressed his views on the proposal to be passed yesterday that the United Nations Security Council was adopted yesterday to clash at Gaza.



# National minimum salary grows

*2024-03-26 12:33:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194948)

The proposal of the Labor and Foreign Employment Aimed at Amendment to the National Minimum Way to increase the National Minimum Relationship by Rs 5,000.

Accordingly, the national minimum salary will be increased from Rs.12,500 to Rs.

The National Minimum daily salary is also recommended to revise the National Minimum No. of Rs. 500 to Rs 700 rupees.

These salary increments have been recommended by a tripartite sub-committee representing Small and Employers who have been appointed on the recommendations of the National Labor Advisory Council.



# US massive bridge in the US is a massive crash

*2024-03-26 12:32:13*

[bbccomsinhala](https://www.bbc.com/sinhala/articles/cx9z4577yjyo)

US massive bridge in the US is a massive crash

There is nothing here. Play Video

The Francis Scott Key Bridge has collapsed in Baltimore City in Baltimore, USA.

Several vehicles traveling through the bridge, which is more than 2.6 miles (1.6 miles), have fallen into the Pattapsco.

According to the Baltimore FireSrome Services Department, about 20 people have fallen into the water.

The sudden relief officer has gone to the place, and the release of the victims are currently in operation.

Municipal Authorities say that it has collapsed on the 47th bridge on the 47th bridge over the 47th bridge.

...



# Monthly basic salary to be increased by Rs. 5,000

*2024-03-26 12:31:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98211/monthly-basic-salary-to-be-increased-by-rs-5000)

The Cabinet of Ministers has given its approval to amend the National Minimum Wage of Workers Act to increase the monthly basic salary and daily wage of workers.

This was recommended by the tripartite sub-committee of trade unions representing Small- and Medium-Sized Enterprises (SMEs) and employees appointed by the National Labour Advisory Council.

The relevant proposal was presented to the Cabinet meeting held on Monday (March 25) by Minister of Labour and Foreign Employment Manusha Nanayakkara.

Accordingly, it is proposed to increase the monthly basic salary by Rs. 5,000, from Rs. 12,500 to Rs. 17,500.

...



# National minimum monthly wage to be increased by Rs. 5,000

*2024-03-26 12:31:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98211/national-minimum-monthly-wage-to-be-increased-by-rs-5000)

The Cabinet of Ministers has given its approval to amend the National Minimum Wage of Workers Act No. 03 of 2016 to increase the minimum monthly wage and daily wage of all workers in any industry.

This was recommended by the tertiary sub-committee of trade unions and employers representing Small- and Medium-Sized Enterprises (SMEs) appointed by the National Labour Advisory Council.

The relevant proposal was presented to the Cabinet meeting held on Monday (March 25) by Minister of Labour and Foreign Employment Manusha Nanayakkara.

Accordingly, it is proposed to increase the minimum monthly wage by Rs. 5,000, to Rs. 17,500.

...



# Conspiracy to kill the fort magazine

*2024-03-26 12:30:52*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/கோட்டை-நீதவானை-கொல்ல-சதி/175-335213)

Public Safety Minister Tran Ales has issued a directive to the Inspector General of Police, Patriot Tenkoon, to investigate the conspiracy to assassinate Fort Magistrate Thilina Kamage.

Attack by Fort Magistrate Thilina Kamage. The Criminal Investigation Department has said that the Inspector General of Police has received a directive to conduct a detailed inquiry into the letter of the Public Security Minister regarding the letter of attempting to kill.

...



# Tourism's contribution to Sri Lanka's income

*2024-03-26 12:26:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179732)

Tourism and foreign employment contributes a huge contribution to Sri Lanka's income. In 2018, Sri Lanka's main export sources have earned more income through tourism, tea and rubber products.. Sri Lanka's revenues have been reduced due to the disabbling of the country due to a boom infection in Sri Lanka since 2020.. At this juncture, the tourism industry has now been carried out to increase the income of Sri Lanka.

...



# Seek the help of an online threat

*2024-03-26 12:16:57*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/ஒன்லைன்-அச்சுறுத்தலாயின்-உதவியை-நாடுங்கள்/175-335212)

The public, which is facing various threats through the Internet, has been requested to seek the help of the Police Computer Criminal Investigation Division.

Police Media Spokesperson and Deputy Inspector General of Police Nihal Talduwa said that those who face various harassment and threats from individuals via the Internet can lodge a complaint with the Police Computer Criminal Investigation Division.

He told the media that those who need help can complain via e -mail dir.ccid@police.gov.lk.

He added that the complaints can be lodged by the emergency call of the Bureau of 109, which operates 24 hours a day.

...



# Online Threats: Request to seek help

*2024-03-26 12:16:57*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/ஒன்லைன்-அச்சுறுத்தல்கள்-உதவியை-நாடுமாறு-கோரிக்கை/175-335212)

The public, which is facing various threats through the Internet, has been requested to seek the help of the Police Computer Criminal Investigation Division.

Police Media Spokesperson and Deputy Inspector General of Police Nihal Talduwa said that those who face various harassment and threats from individuals via the Internet can lodge a complaint with the Police Computer Criminal Investigation Division.

He told the media that those who need help can complain via e -mail dir.ccid@police.gov.lk.

He added that complaints can be lodged by the emergency call of the Bureau of the 109 children and women, which operates 24 hours a day.

...



# Minimum salary increased to Rs.17,500

*2024-03-26 12:16:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Minimum-salary-increased-to-Rs-17-500/108-279627)

Colombo, March 26 (Daily Mirror) - According to the provisions of the National Minimum Wages Act, the National Minimum Wage has been set at Rs.12,500 and a committee appointed on the recommendations of the National Labour Advisory Council recommends that the wage be increased to Rs.17,500.

The National Minimum Daily Wage of Rs. 500 will also be increased by Rs. 200 to Rs. 700.

The proposal submitted by the Minister of Labour and Foreign Employment Manusha Nanayakkara to amend the National Minimum Wage Act has been approved.



# Seize

*2024-03-26 12:15:21*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/நாட்டுக்-கொண்டு-வரப்பட்ட-உயிரினங்கள்-கைப்பற்று/175-335211)

A number of species that have been illegally brought to the country from Thailand have been seized and a young business couple have been arrested.

The pair have been arrested at the Katunayake International Airport in Colombo with 88 living animals worth about forty lakhs of rupees.

The two men arrived at the Katunayake airport on Monday (25) at 04.35 pm on the Sri Lankan Airlines flight from Bangkok, Thailand.

The couple has been arrested following the raid of officials of the Customs Department and the Livestock Institute of the Agriculture Department.

...



# New news for alcohol price

*2024-03-26 12:15:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194947)

Primary Industries Minister of Primary Industries Chamara Sampath Dasanayake says that alcohol prices are trying to download alcohol prices before the coming Sinhala and Hindu New Year.

Speaking to the media in Badulla, the public minister said.

Speaking further, State Minister Chamara Sampath Dasanayake

"The boil should be reduced to reduce alcohol. Everyone wants to reduce. We hope that alcohol too long as the year a year before the year. We don't have popular verbs so far. You have come to get popular decisions and the country is blind to the blind,. That is why there is no popular decisions. "



# Central Bank Governor is not resigning for a crisis caused by a pay hike for employees

*2024-03-26 12:10:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179731)

Dr. Nandalal Weerasinghe has said that he will not resign from the post of Governor of the Central Bank, considering the crisis of the crisis caused by the salary increase to his employees.

The Governor of the Central Bank said this while responding to a question asked by a journalist at a media briefing held at the Central Bank on Tuesday (26).

I would like to clearly say that I will not leave for the salary and review of the employees who work under me.

As the head of the company, I have a responsibility to raise the salary of corporate employees. I did that. So I don't see this for a reason.

...



# The gun magic of the police officer

*2024-03-26 11:57:16*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/பொலிஸ்-உத்தியோகத்தரின்-துப்பாக்கி-மாயம்/175-335210)

Investigations have begun in connection with the disappearance of a T-56 rifle of a police officer working at the Wilgamuwa police station in Matale.

Police Media Spokesperson DIG Nihal Talduwa said the weapon was missing at the security booth while the police officer was on duty at the main gate.

He said the affidavit had been registered with the police officer and whether there were other reasons for the disappearance of the gun.



# Investigation ordered into ‘assassination attempt’ on Magistrate Thilina Gamage

*2024-03-26 11:54:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98210/investigation-ordered-into-assassination-attempt-on-magistrate-thilina-gamage)

Public Security Minister Tiran Alles has ordered an immediate investigation into an assassination attempt on Colombo Fort Magistrate Thilina Gamage.

Accordingly, Inspector General of Police (IGP) Deshabandu Tennakoon has been instructed to initiate an investigation into an attempt by a gunman to assassinate the magistrate using a Type 81 assault rifle grenade launcher.

...



# One arrested with heroin drug

*2024-03-26 11:53:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179721)

A suspect has been arrested with heroin drugs on the basis of information received by Kalkissa police in Badovitta area, Kalkissa.

The drug has been seized by the police by the police.

The suspect was the 24 -year -old from Dehiwala area. Kalkissa police are conducting further investigations into the incident.



# Life jail for former president of the Chinese Football Association

*2024-03-26 11:53:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179714)

The court has sentenced him to life imprisonment in a bribery charges against former Chinese Football Association, Sen Shywan.

Shiwan was accused of receiving bribes worth $ 11 million.

The magazine run by the Chinese Communist Party said that the amount of bribes received by Shiyuan was huge and he had contributed serious consequences to the country's football sector.



# Arresting fake doctor who provided employment

*2024-03-26 11:52:09*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/வேலைவாய்ப்பு-வழங்கிய-போலி-மருத்துவர்-கைது/175-335209)

Special Investigation Department officials of the Sri Lanka Foreign Employment Bureau (SLFEB) have arrested a man who defrauded the names of the top officials of the Labor and Foreign Employment Ministry for allegedly providing employment opportunities in the agricultural sector in Israel.

The suspect living in Wijerama Mawatha, Colombo, Colombo 07, said that he could provide foreign jobs through the Ministry of Labor and Foreign Employment, he said.

He has invited people to the Foreign Employment Ministry and the Foreign Employment Bureau in Narahenpita to get the money.

...



# Israel loses the support of international community - Trump alert

*2024-03-26 11:44:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179727)

Former US President Donald Trump Trump has said that Israel should end the war as soon as possible.

He said that I would have acted in the way Israel operated after the attack on the seventh of October.

Trump has said that Israel should be very careful as you have to end the war soon and lose the world's support.



# T-56 firearm goes missing at Wilgamuwa Police station

*2024-03-26 11:27:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/T-56-firearm-goes-missing-at-Wilgamuwa-Police-station/108-279625)

Matale, March 26 (Daily Mirror) - An investigation has been launched following the disappearance of a T-56 firearm of a police officer on duty at the Wilgamuwa Police Station in Matale.

Police spokesman DIG Nihal Thalduwa said the weapon went missing at the security post while the police officer was on duty at the main gate.

He said statements have been recorded from the police officer and an investigation is underway to determine whether the firearm was stolen or if there are other reasons behind its disappearance.



# Fort Magistrate Thilina Gamage a murder

*2024-03-26 11:23:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194945)

Deputy Minister of Defense Tiran Alles has instructed the Inspector General of Police to conduct an immediate investigation into the killing of Fort Magistrate Thilina Gamage Gamage.

According to a letter referred to by a spy, Minister Tiran Alles has been instructed.

According to a government spy, a person has asked for a firemark by telephone by a person to assassinate Magistrate Thilina Gamage.

The spy is described with telephone numbers of the person with the telephone numbers of the telephone numbers, saying that Mr. Thilina Gamage has been appointed by Thilina Gamage recently.

...



# Maithri's confession;Sirisena does not give him the key to the life of the Sunday attacks.

*2024-03-26 11:22:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179720)

According to reports, former President Maithripala Sirisena has not reported anything about the person who has made important things.

The former president yesterday made a statement to the CITiner for more than five hours regarding the issuance of the Kandy in Kandy, saying he knew who was the lifeblood of the lifeblood.

He went to the Sri Lanka Criminal Investigation Department for Pattaramani in the morning and left at 3.50.

CIT sources have been cited by CIT sources that Sirisena, who came through the forefront, faced usual questions.

...



# Yall. A vehicle that escaped from an accident in Point Pedro;Woman injured

*2024-03-26 11:17:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179719)

A woman who was riding a motorcycle on a motorbike on Jaffna -Point Pedro has fled a Hayas vehicle.

Kumarasamoorthy Vanitha (age 51), a woman from West of Tunnale, has been admitted to the Point Pedro Hospital after being injured.

The accident occurred on Monday near the Ceylon Bank branch located in Mandigai.

With the help of surveillance cameras on the main streets, the police said that the Hayas has identified the vehicle who fled the accident and has taken steps to arrest the driver.



# USD 100 million, technical assistance to boost SMEs

*2024-03-26 11:14:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/USD-100-million-technical-assistance-to-boost-SMEs/108-279624)

The Asian Development Bank (ADB) will finance USD 100 million and technical assistance to boost Sri Lankan small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs), the Finance Ministry, Economic Stabilization and National Policies announced.



# Sri Lanka earns 3.4bn from coconut water export in Feb: Minister

*2024-03-26 11:13:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-earns-3-4bn-from-coconut-water-export-in-feb-minister-156116/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka earned 3,439 million rupees in February from the export of coconut water, its Minister of Agriculture and Plantation Industries has said.

“It has been possible to earn an income of 3439 million rupees by February 2024 from exporting coconut water from Sri Lanka,” Minister Mahinda Amaraweera said on social media.

“If not for wildlife eating crops this would have been higher; around 300 million coconuts are lost annually due to wildlife damage,” Amarweera posted on his Facebook page.

...



# Another underworld gang members are trapped

*2024-03-26 11:10:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194944)

Another 12 organized crime gang members have been arrested in the special operation commenced on the instructions of the IGP to arrest organized crime gang members.

Accordingly, 63 organized crime gangs have been arrested from the 19th to commence yesterday (25).

The suspects are detained on detention orders and conduct further investigations.

In addition to the arrest of the 12 organized crime gang members, 6 other suspects have also been arrested in the raids conducted by the officers engaged in the above.

...



# Missing of T-56 firearm and ammunition

*2024-03-26 11:07:16*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/පොලීසියේ-ටී56-ගිණි-අවිය-සහ-පතුරම්-සහිත-මැගසීනය-අතුරුදන්/11-408802)

The T-56 T-56 T-56 T-56 T-56-firearm and ammunition have been disappeared yesterday (25).

Several areas are already conducting investigations into the disappearance of firearm.



# Visit to Kenya's Security Headquarters

*2024-03-26 11:03:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179708)

Major General Shavendra Silva, the chief of the Sri Lankan security forces, who visited Kenya on Monday (25), visited the Security Headquarters in Nairobi.

General Francis Ogollah welcomed General Shavendra Silva, president of Kenya's security forces.

Shavendra Silva held a discussion with the Kenya Kenya Security Forces, Vice President of the Security Forces, Service Commander and the General of Kenya Security Forces and senior officials.

...



# Trouble for female lawyer

*2024-03-26 10:57:08*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/வடமேல்-வடமத்தி/மென்று-துப்பிய-பெண்-வழக்கறிஞருக்கு-சிக்கல்/94-335204)

The Supreme Court on Monday (25) has decided to suspend the lawyer from the lawyer until the case is over, destroying the document in the case and destroying the lawyer.

Chief Justice Jayantha Jayasuriya has said that the action of the defendant who has been a lawyer for 12 years should be considered a serious measure.

The case was filed on charges of violating industrial norms against the lawyer.

The petition was considered in the presence of a panel of judges comprising Chief Justice Jayantha Jayasuriya, High Court Judges Gamini Amarasekera and AHMD and Nawaz.

...



# Youth who died in a trap of fish

*2024-03-26 10:55:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179713)

A young man who was fishing in a pond in Punanai, Batticaloa, Batticaloa, died in a trap he used.

The father of the deceased has lodged a complaint with the Vazhachanai police on Monday (25).

Investigations have revealed that the deceased was unemployed at home due to illness and that he was trapped in a fishing in the pond yesterday.



# Global Hucking Action with the support of the China government - the Internet accounts of millions of Americans;Infiltrated- America Report

*2024-03-26 10:54:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179717)

Shocking reports have revealed that millions of US -based people have been accompanied by China's internet hacking.

The US Department of Justice has said that millions of American's online accounts have been cooked in Hucking.

The seven Chinese citizens of the accused have been involved in such a crime for more than 14 years, US officials said.

The US has announced that it will provide $ 10 million to those who have been accused of seven persons.

American officials have said that these people from China have targeted politicians, foreigners and businessmen who criticize China.

...



# "I won't get out ..." - Central Bank Governor

*2024-03-26 10:54:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194943)

Dr. Nandalal Weerasinghe says he does not remove the central bank governor in the face of the crisis due to the crisis due to the crisis due to the crisis caused by the wages of his employees.



# Singer Chandra Kumara Kandaanarachchi passes away

*2024-03-26 10:53:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Singer-Chandra-Kumara-Kandaanarachchi-passes-away/108-279623)

Veteran singer Chandra Kumara Kandaanarachchi has passed away this morning at the age of 76.

He died while receiving treatment at the Apeksha Hospital in Maharagama.

Several beloved songs that have captured the hearts of fans include Age Sinahawa Thahanam, Pem Banda Sith Banda, Ganga Nadee Theerayedi Eda, Gama Mahanuwarai, and Sath Dinakin Obe.



# '' Diyanda Wil down '

*2024-03-26 10:48:16*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/’’පෙම්-බැන්ද-සිත්-බැන්ද’’--සඳ-කුමරු-දිවියෙන්-සමුගනියි/11-408801)

Veteran singer Chandra Kumara Kandanarachchi has passed away this morning (26).

He was receiving treatment at the Maharagama Cancer Hospital.

Her smile was banned, lovely, and lovers of happiness and happiness are very popular.



# Products to begin in prisons to earn income

*2024-03-26 10:43:42*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/රැඳවියන්ට-ආදායමක්-ගන්න--බන්ධනාගාරවල-නිෂ්පාදන-කර්මාන්ත-අරඹන්න-යයි/11-408800)

Principals have to be established under the purpose of rehabilitating the inmates who are reintegrated into customized and socialized prisoners to rehabilitate the labor of the prisons.

He said that this program is expected to provide their labor to a fruitful work without imprisonment.

According to a Memorandum of MoU and the Department of Prisons and Industrial Development Board, the relevant applications have been called and the applications have been called on 31st of this month.

...



# Low salary 17,500 rupees

*2024-03-26 10:39:42*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/குறைந்த-சம்பளம்-17-500-ரூபாய்/175-335201)

According to the rules of the National Minimum Wage Act, the national minimum wage has been fixed at Rs 12,500.

On the recommendation of the National Labor Advisory Council, the committee appointed to increase the salary of Rs 17,500.

Accordingly, the national minimum daily wage will be increased from Rs 500 to Rs 700.



# Business couple nabbed with live animals at BIA

*2024-03-26 10:29:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Business-couple-nabbed-with-live-animals-at-BIA/108-279621)

Katunayake, March 6 (Daily Mirror) - A business couple was arrested last evening at the arrival lounge of the Bandaranaike International Airport (BIA) by Customs officials for attempting to smuggle 88 live animals worth Rs. 4 million into the country.

The animals were imported from Thailand while violating Sri Lanka's Wildlife and Flora Ordinance, Animal Diseases Act and Customs Ordinance.

...



# Veteran singer Chandra Kumara Kandanarachchi passes away

*2024-03-26 10:23:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98209/veteran-singer-chandra-kumara-kandanarachchi-passes-away)

Veteran Sri Lankan singer Chandra Kumara Kandanarachchi passed away on Tuesday morning (March 26).

According to reports, Kandanarachchi has received medical treatment at the Apeksha Hospital in Maharagama for a while.

He was well-known for a number of hit songs including ‘Ege Sinahawa Thahanam’, ‘Pem Benda Sith Benda’, ‘Ganga Nadee Theeraye’, and ‘Hithe Sathuta Jiwithe’.



# Attorney-at-law prejudged a lawyer preventing lawyers

*2024-03-26 10:20:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194942)

The Supreme Court has issued an order to prohibit the lawyer in Kekirawa area until the case has been accused and destroyed a document in the court office.

The order was issued after considering the charge sheet against the lawyer.

The charge sheet was called by Chief Justice Jayantha Jayasuriya and Gamini Amarasekera and AHMD Ekanus.

The court staff had been accused of forcefully sanctified a laboratory document in the Kekirawa Magistrate's Court.

The allegation sheet has also been accused of violating the lawyer of lawyer.

Such functions have been made to say that the allegations made by the lawyer

...



# Sri Lanka rupee opens at 301.90/302.00 to the US dollar

*2024-03-26 10:19:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-rupee-opens-at-301-90-302-00-to-the-us-dollar-156081/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka’s rupee opened stronger at 301.90/302.00 to the US dollar in the spot forex market on Tuesday, stronger from 302.60/70 on Monday, dealers said, while bond yields were down.

A bond maturing on 15.12.2026 was quoted at 11.25/32 percent down from 11.30/40 percent on Monday.

A bond maturing on 15.12.2028 was quoted at 12.05/15 percent down from 12.10/15 percent.

The Colombo Stock Exchange opened up: The All Share Price Index was up 0.19 percent at 11,255, and the S&P SL20 was up 0.19 percent at 3,226. (Colombo/Mar26/2024)



# 12 more underworld gang members arrested

*2024-03-26 10:10:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/12-more-underworld-gang-members-arrested/108-279619)

Colombo, March 26 (Daily Mirror) - Twelve more suspected criminals of underworld gangs have been arrested yesterday during the special operation launched to crack down on organized criminal activities.

Police said in addition to the 12 criminals, six more suspects have been arrested during the raid.

In response to a concerning increase in organized criminal activities in the Western and Southern Provinces, a special operation targeting 20 identified organized criminal gangs in the country was launched under the 'Yukthiya' initiative last Tuesday (19).

...



# If the government is backing the election, the public will take the streets against it - Pavral

*2024-03-26 10:07:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179712)

Executive Director of the Election Monitoring Organization, Rohana Hettiarachchi, said the government would take the people's streets if the government had violated the constitution.

He said that the elections are for the people, no matter the political parties, the government or the political leaders.

The presidential election will be held from September 17 to October 17, he said.

The Powell Organization's Rohana Hettiarachchi said that it is the responsibility of the Election Commission to hold the presidential election during this period.

...



# Veteran singer Lunar Kumara has passed away

*2024-03-26 10:07:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194941)

Veteran singer Chandra Kumara Kandanarachchi has passed away this morning (26).



# Workers’ remittances, tourism earnings continuing positive momentum - CBSL

*2024-03-26 09:59:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98208/workers-remittances-tourism-earnings-continuing-positive-momentum-cbsl)

The Central Bank of Sri Lanka (CBSL) says the country’s trade services, mainly earnings from tourism have recovered significantly during the first two months of 2024, while the positive momentum of workers’ remittances also continued.

During the special press briefing convened on Tuesday morning (March 26) to present the second Monetary Policy Review of 2024, CBSL’s Economic Research Director Dr. S. Jegajeevan revealed that workers’ remittances were recorded at USD 964 million from January to February.

Meanwhile, tourism earnings were recorded at USD 687 million during these months.

...



# T -56 rifle magic at Matale - Wilgamuwa Police Station

*2024-03-26 09:59:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179711)

The T-56 rifle has been reported missing from the Wilgamuwa police station in Matale district.

It is reported that the T-56 rifle used at the main gate security checkpoint at the Wilgamuwa police station has disappeared.



# Foreign remittances and tourist grantm up

*2024-03-26 09:53:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194940)

The Central Bank emphasizes that there is a high level of foreign remittances and tourist grains.

Accordingly, the country has received 964 million foreign remittances in 2024.

The Central Bank of Sri Lanka that a large number of tourists have come to the island have been attending the island.



# Maithri's confession was sent to the Attorney General

*2024-03-26 09:47:16*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/மைத்திரியின்-வாக்குமூலம்-சட்டமா-அதிபருக்கு-அனுப்பப்பட்டது/175-335196)

Former President Maithripala Sirisena's statement, "I know who carried out the Easter Sunday attack," the Criminal Investigation Department said yesterday that the affidavit was sent to the Attorney General.

The confession from Maithripala Sirisena has been sent to the Attorney General for further legal action by the Criminal Investigation Department officials for more than 6 hours.

...



# Rice for low -income families

*2024-03-26 09:47:00*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/குறைந்த-வருமானம்-பெறும்-குடும்பங்களுக்கு-அரிசி/175-335195)

Finance Minister Ranjith Siyambalapitiya has said that the government has decided to provide 20 kilograms of rice to 28 lakhs of low -income families.

He added that 10 kilograms of rice and 10 kilograms of rice are planned in April.

“Last year, we provided rice to 28 lakhs of low -income families. Similarly, we will provide rice to 28 lakh families twice as ten kilograms each.

10 kilograms of rice will be provided before the New Year in April and 10 kilograms of rice will be provided in the first week of May.

Meanwhile, the government has decided to pay the increased salary of public servants before the 10th of April.



# Good news for train passengers

*2024-03-26 09:42:32*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/ரயில்-பயணிகளுக்கு-நல்ல-செய்தி/175-335194)

Transport Minister Bandula Gunawardena has said that a special train will be operated from Colombo Fort to Badulla to attract tourists.

He added that the train with a special box will be served from April 5 to Nanuoya to Badulla.

Minister Bandula Gunawardena added, “On April 5, two new trains will be operated via El, nine Arch and these tourist destinations.

A train will run from Colombo Fort to Badulla at 6.30 am and a train will run on Friday, Sunday, Tuesday and Thursday. ”said.



# Maithri's Confession: Send to AG

*2024-03-26 09:32:54*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/மைத்திரியின்-வாக்குமூலம்-AG-க்கு-அனுப்பிவைப்பு/175-335193)

Former President Maithripala Sirisena has sent a statement to the Attorney General of the Attorney General regarding that he knows who carried out the Easter Sunday attack.

The Criminal Investigation Department (CID) has been sent to the Attorney General for further legal action from Maithripala Sirisena for more than 6 hours.. The affidavit was received on Monday (25).

Maithripala Sirisena appeared on Monday (25) in CIT, following a directive to the Inspector General of Police, Tran Ales, in a statement to the Inspector General of Police in Kandy on March 22.



# May experience heavy rainfall over 100 mm

*2024-03-26 09:31:37*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/100-மி-மீற்றருக்கு-அதிகமான-பலத்த-மழை-பெய்யக்கூடும்/175-335192)

The Department of Meteorology said that heavy rains are expected in the Southern Province, Ampara and Moneragala districts today (26).

The department said that there is a possibility of rain or thunderstorms in the evening or night in the upper, Sabaragamuwa and South Central Provinces.

Rainfall is expected to occur in the Eastern and Uva provinces and Polonnaruwa district.

The Central, Sabaragamuwa and Uva provinces are expected in some places in the morning and in the Kalutara, Galle and Matara districts.

...



# Police T-56 Range disappeared

*2024-03-26 09:29:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194939)

The T-56 Ranavan has reportedly used the T-56 Ranavawa, who used the safety location of the Wilgamuwa Police Station in Matale.

The police have commenced an investigation into the absence of firearm.



# Two killed in Panadura accident

*2024-03-26 09:26:28*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/மேல்-மாகாணம்/பாணந்துறை-விபத்தில்-இருவர்-பலி-ஒருவர்-காயம்/95-335191)

Two persons were killed and one person was injured in a vehicle accident in the area on Tuesday morning (26).

The victims of the accident were from Panadura and the following areas, police said.

When a motorcycle arrived in Vatuwa and returned to the street, the other motorcycle came from Panadura and collided head -on, police said.



# Customs seize rats among smuggled animals on SriLankan flight

*2024-03-26 09:26:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Customs-seize-rats-among-smuggled-animals-on-SriLankan-flight/108-279621)

Katunayake, March 6 (Daily Mirror) - A business couple was arrested last evening at the arrival lounge of the Bandaranaike International Airport (BIA) by Customs officials for attempting to smuggle 88 live animals worth Rs. 4 million into the country.

The animals were imported from Thailand while violating Sri Lanka's Wildlife and Flora Ordinance, Animal Diseases Act and Customs Ordinance.

...



# Fraudulent doctors offering Israeli jobs arrested

*2024-03-26 09:24:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Fraudulent-doctors-offering-Israeli-jobs-arrested/108-279608)

Colombo, March 26 (Daily Mirror) - The officers of the Special Investigation Department of the Sri Lanka Foreign Employment Bureau (SLFEB) yesterday arrested a person who was defrauding money by using the names of high officials of the Labour and Foreign Employment Ministry, claiming to be a doctor and was offering jobs in the agricultural sector in Israel.

The suspect, who is a resident of Wijerama Mawatha, Colombo 07, has claimed that he can provide foreign jobs through the higher officials of the Labour and Foreign Employment Ministry, and he has also stated that he is a doctor.

...



# T-56 firearm reported missing from Wilgamuwa police station

*2024-03-26 09:21:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98207/t-56-firearm-reported-missing-from-wilgamuwa-police-station)

The T-56 firearm used by the police officer on duty at the guard room at the entrance to the Wilgamuwa police station in Matale is reported missing, Ada Derana learns.

Police said investigations are underway to recover the missing firearm.



# Accident on Jaffna Mr. A -9 road

*2024-03-26 09:03:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179706)

A motorcycle was killed on the spot when a motorcycle crashed into the luxury bus road on the A-9 road in Jaffna.



# Govt. to provide 10kg of rice to low-income families before Avurudu

*2024-03-26 08:58:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98206/govt-to-provide-10kg-of-rice-to-low-income-families-before-avurudu)

The government has decided to distribute rice to as many as 2.8 million low-income families, Finance State Minister Ranjith Siyambalapitiya says.

Accordingly, it is planned to provide 20kg of rice to each family in April and May.

In the month of April, 10kg of rice will be given before the Sinhala and Tamil New Year, and the remaining 10kg within the first week of May, Siyambalapitiya added.

Speaking further, the state minister said that through this relief program, the government intends to benefit not only low-income families but also paddy farmers and small- and medium-scale rice mill owners.

...



# 20 kg of rice to low income families

*2024-03-26 08:36:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194938)

State Minister Ranjith Siyambalapitiya says that the government has decided to provide 20 kg of rice for Rs. 28 lakhs.

He stated that 10 kilograms in April and to provide the rice to the rice as 10 kilograms of May.

...



# Greetings to train passengers

*2024-03-26 08:29:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194937)

Minister of Transport Bandula Gunawardena says that steps will be taken to operate a special train from Colombo Fort to Badulla to the Badulla to Badulla.

He also stated that a train with a tour specialist train from Nanu Oya to Badulla and a tourist specialist with a tourist specialist with a tourist specialist with a tourist specialist with a tourist specialist with a tourist special watch.

...



# Will resort to massive trade union action if demands not met:  Teachers’ principals’ union

*2024-03-26 08:12:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Will-resort-to-massive-trade-union-action-if-demands-not-met-Teachers-principals-union/108-279607)

Colombo, March 26 (Daily Mirror) - The Teachers' Principals' Trade Union Alliance (TPTUA) yesterday warned the Finance Ministry Secretary that they would resort to severe trade union action if they did not receive any solutions to their demands, including the salary anomaly issues, Ceylon Teachers' Union (CTU) General Secretary Joseph Stalin said.

While issuing a media release yesterday, they said that they went to meet the Finance Ministry Secretary following a written request made by them on March 11.

...



# Doctors in hospitals owned by Kalmunai Regional Health Services Office

*2024-03-26 08:03:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194936)

A strike in all hospitals belonging to the Regional Health Services Director's Office is protesting against the Thirukkovil Hospital and the staff of the student.

A 17-year-old student was killed during a marathon in a school in Thirukkovil area recently, a group of people had been attacked and threatened to suffer injuries.

The Government Medical Officers' Association Dr. Chamil Wijewagel said that the trade union action would be taken from today (26) due to the arrest of the suspects.



# Sri Lanka Central Bank further reduces policy rates

*2024-03-26 07:51:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98205/sri-lanka-central-bank-further-reduces-policy-rates)

The Monetary Policy Board of the Central Bank of Sri Lanka (CBSL) has decided to reduce the Standing Deposit Facility Rate (SDFR) and the Standing Lending Facility Rate (SLFR) of the Central Bank by 50 basis points (bps) to 8.50 per cent and 9.50 per cent, respectively.

The Board said it arrived at this decision at its meeting held on 25 March 2024 following a comprehensive assessment of current and expected domestic and international economic developments, to maintain inflation at the targeted level of 5 per cent over the medium term, while enabling the economy to reach its potential.

...



# UN Security Council demands immediate ceasefire in Gaza after US abstains

*2024-03-26 07:44:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98204/un-security-council-demands-immediate-ceasefire-in-gaza-after-us-abstains)

UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The United Nations Security Council on Monday demanded an immediate ceasefire between Israel and Palestinian militants Hamas and the immediate and unconditional release of all hostages after the United States abstained from the vote.

The remaining 14 council members voted for the resolution, which was proposed by the 10 elected members of the body.

Washington had been averse to the word ceasefire earlier in the nearly six-month-old war in the Gaza Strip and had used its veto power to shield U.S. ally Israel as it retaliated against Hamas for an Oct. 7 attack that Israel says killed 1,200 people.

...



# Central Bank interest rates further down

*2024-03-26 07:44:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194935)

The Central Bank has decided to further reduce its policy interest rate.



# Sri Lanka central bank cuts rates 50 basis points to 9.50-pct

*2024-03-26 07:38:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-central-bank-cuts-rates-50-basis-points-to-9-50-pct-156033/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka’s central bank has cut its policy corridor by 50 basis points to 8.50 percent (floor) and 9.50 percent (ceiling) citing stable external conditions and low inflation.

Subdued aggregate demand , the lesser-than-expected impact of the recent SriLanka taxes, cut in electricity prices, well-anchored inflation expectations and the absence of excessive external sector pressures made the rate cut possible, the central bank said in its March monetary policy statement.

...



# Heavy showers expected in parts of the island

*2024-03-26 07:36:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/98203/heavy-showers-expected-in-parts-of-the-island)

The Meteorology Department says several spells of showers will occur in Eastern and Uva provinces and in Polonnaruwa district.

Showers or thundershowers will occur at several places in Western, Sabaragamuwa, Southern and Central provinces during the afternoon or night.

Heavy showers above 100 mm are likely at some places in Southern province and in Ampara and Monaragala districts, it said.

Misty conditions can be expected at some places in Central, Sabaragamuwa and Uva provinces and in Kalutara, Galle and Matara districts during the morning.

...



# Tamil Nadu’s Day Of Destiny Is Very Close

*2024-03-26 07:29:58*

[colombotelegraphcom](https://www.colombotelegraph.com/index.php/tamil-nadus-day-of-destiny-is-very-close/)

Tamil Nadu has taken a decade of indefatigable effort of which the last five years were marked by incessant work by both the state and the centre. Even a weighty mass moves with impetus from the leadership. So the King, so the subjects goes a Tamil saying. At the best click of the moment, Modi captured it and Annamalai has moved in tandem. At no point in over a century, have two reputable leaders in Indian politics moved in tandem from the centre and the state as of now.

Tamil Nadu Performance in 2014 and 2019 and Forecast for 2024

...



# A Security Council proposal passed for first ceasefire in Gaza

*2024-03-26 07:25:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194934)

The United Nations Security Council has passed a proposal to immediately implement a ceasefire at Gaza.

It is reported that the Hamas has also requested the release of unconditional hostages.

After the opening operations in Gaza last year, several proposals to the Defense Council were not passed in the United States, but in the face of the United States.

However, the US has avoided the proposal yesterday (25th) and the US is not used against it.

Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's office has worked for the change in the United States.

Israel has also taken steps to cancel the discussion on Washington this week.

...



# The fatal accident of the High Level road where life is

*2024-03-26 07:11:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194933)

A 19-year-old youth has died in an accident on Kottawa and High Level.

The accident occurred at the Makumbura at a motorcycle who was traveling to Kottawa when he was going to turn his Makumbura at Kottawa.

After the accident, the motorcycle rollied in Kottawa and collided with a cab.

The youth is a resident of Pannipitiya yesterday.

The two drivers in the accident and the cab have been arrested and Kottawa Police are conducting further investigations.

Meanwhile, a luxury bus collided with a motorcycle near Kodikamam and Puthur Junction.



# Youth killed in fishing net

*2024-03-26 06:49:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194932)

A young man who had been fishing in the Valachchenai has died in a fish grate of his own fish.

Investigations have commenced investigations by the father of the deceased to the Valachchenai Police Station yesterday.

The deceased is a 23 year old resident of the Upathenna, Newhena.

Investigations have revealed that the deceased was in the house without work and was drowned while he was fishing in the backbone.

The body has been casted at the Valachchenai Hospital while the Valachchena Police are conducting further investigations.



# Couple arrested in Katunayake with 88 animals from Thailand

*2024-03-26 06:48:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194931)

Customs officials have taken over 88 animals from Thailand. Customs officials were taken into custody at the Bandaranaike International Airport.

Customs stated that the suspects were able to take the custody with livingations in conjunction with the officers of the Department of Animal Quarantine Institute of the Department of Agriculture.

The couple of the aircraft from a plane from Bangbon yesterday (25th) were brought to small boxes.

It is among the animals that were illegally brought by the animals, frogs, slots, slots, slopes, sluices, cutboards, lizards, hamsters, sacred and other pops.

...



# Presidential Election in October first week

*2024-03-26 06:23:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Presidential-Election-in-October-first-week/108-279604)

- Basil loses battle to convince President to hold Parliamentary Polls first

- President hints to cabinet to prepare for Presidential Polls

Colombo, March 26 (Daily Mirror) - President Ranil Wickremesinghe has informed his close associates and hinted to his cabinet that the Presidential Election will be held as scheduled, indicating Basil Rajapaksa's failure in convincing the President to hold the Parliamentary Polls first, the Daily Mirror learns.

A senior political source said that Wickremesinghe had in the past two cabinet meetings discussed the elections and indicated that the Presidential Election would be held as scheduled.

...



# Presidential Election in October first week

*2024-03-26 06:23:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/top-story/Presidential-Election-in-October-first-week/155-279604)

- Basil loses battle to convince President to hold Parliamentary Polls first

- President hints to cabinet to prepare for Presidential Polls

Colombo, March 26 (Daily Mirror) - President Ranil Wickremesinghe has informed his close associates and hinted to his cabinet that the Presidential Election will be held as scheduled, indicating Basil Rajapaksa's failure in convincing the President to hold the Parliamentary Polls first, the Daily Mirror learns.

A senior political source said that Wickremesinghe had in the past two cabinet meetings discussed the elections and indicated that the Presidential Election would be held as scheduled.

...



# Tax burden likely to remain longer than expected

*2024-03-26 06:15:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Tax-burden-likely-to-remain-longer-than-expected/108-279602)

IMF Senior Mission Chief says tax is needed to fund essential services that government is providing

Asserts if everybody wants to continue enjoying common goods, then all have to make commensurate contributions

Points out current hardships are due to government running out of money and not having a strong income source

Sri Lanka, coming out of the economic crisis, has significantly taxed businesses and individuals alike and according to the International Monetary Fund (IMF), this burden is here to stay, at least for now.

...



# Heavy rains exceeding 100mm

*2024-03-26 06:02:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/194929)

Some places in the Southern Province, Ampara and Moneragala Districts today (26). Mee. Heavy showers that have more than 100 can occur.

Thundershowers will develop at several places in the Western, Sabaragamuwa, Southern Buddhism at the Western, Sabaragamuwa, Southern Buddhism at night or night.

Several showers in the Eastern and Uva provinces and several showers.

Some locations, in some places in the Central, Sabaragamuwa and Uva provinces and in Kalutara, Galle and Matara districts are expected to be met.

...



# Justice Minister assures no election postponement amid electoral amendments

*2024-03-26 02:19:44*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/Justice-Minister-assures-no-election-postponement-amid-electoral-amendments/56-759952)

Says proposed amendments aim to combat corruption, reform electoral system

Points to historical promises since 1994 to address corruption, electoral system reform yet to be fulfilled

Proposes for Senate system to enhance representation in electoral process, draw examples from other countries

Calls on candidates participating in upcoming polls to engage in discussions on proposed amendments for public input

Justice, Prison Affairs and Constitutional Reforms Minister Dr. Wijeyadasa Rajapakshe has reassured the public that the election amendment bills presented to Parliament are not expected to lead to any postponement of elections.

...



# Marikkar criticises Sirisena’s Easter Sunday claims as political gambit

*2024-03-26 02:18:30*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/Marikkar-criticises-Sirisena-s-Easter-Sunday-claims-as-political-gambit/56-759951)

Raises doubts about timing of the statement with Parliamentary elections on the horizon

Says cannot permit anyone to toy with victim’s lives and stresses leaders have a responsibility to deliver justice

Stresses Sirisena’s statement should not be taken lightly and must be thoroughly investigated

Samagi Jana Balawegaya (SJB) MP S.M. Marikkar yesterday voiced scepticism regarding the recent statement made by former President Maithripala Sirisena regarding the Easter Sunday terror attacks, suggesting it might be a mere political manoeuvre.

...



# Presidential poll expected after 17 July - G.L

*2024-03-26 02:17:30*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/Presidential-poll-expected-after-17-July-G-L/56-759950)

Says Presidential election must take place this year and cannot be deferred for any reason

Claims constitutional and legislative constraints will not allow alterations or postponements

Dispels any doubts public may have on holding of Presidential polls this year

Freedom People’s Congress (FPC) member Prof. G.L Peiris highlighted yesterday that the Election Commission of Sri Lanka (ECSL) must officially announce the Presidential election after 17 July.  “Following that, the ECSL can accept nominations within a window of 16 to 21 days,” he said during a press conference in Colombo.

...



# Siyambalapitiya assures timely payment to public sector employees

*2024-03-26 02:16:38*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/Siyambalapitiya-assures-timely-payment-to-public-sector-employees/56-759949)

State Minister of Finance Ranjith Siyambalapitiya assured that the Government is committed to ensuring timely salary payments for all public sector employees and implementing relief measures for low-income families.

“The increased sum of Rs. 10,000 for public servants will be incorporated into their April salaries as outlined in the 2024 Budget proposals,” he told Journalists in Ruwanwella.  He said measures are underway to make the payment before 10 April.

...



# Cabinet approves digitising foreign employment sector: Manusha

*2024-03-26 02:15:28*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/news/Cabinet-approves-digitising-foreign-employment-sector-Manusha/56-759948)

Amendments to SLBFE Act now in final phase, soon be tabled in Parliament

Labour and Foreign Employment Minister Manusha Nanayakkara said that the Cabinet of Ministers approved digitising the entire foreign employment sector to streamline the entire process.

He emphasised that the idea would be put into action soon and that it would assist free the foreign job sector from the grip of fraudsters and traffickers. It will also enhance the processes for managing grievances and increase communication between migrant workers and authorities.

...



# Singer secures 18th consecutive ‘People’s Brand of the Year’ Award

*2024-03-26 01:48:00*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/Singer-secures-18th-consecutive-People-s-Brand-of-the-Year-Award/34-759943)

Singer Sri Lanka PLC, has extended its streak of success by clinching the prestigious ‘People’s Brand of the Year’ Award for the 18th consecutive year at the SLIM-Kantar People’s Awards 2024, along with the ‘People’s Durables Brand of the Year’ Award at the ceremony, hosted by the Sri Lanka Institute of Marketing (SLIM).

The Company said this remarkable feat reaffirms Singer’s supremacy in the consumer durables sector and its unwavering popularity across Sri Lanka.

...



# Orzone Group makes history with drinking water exports to Sydney, Australia

*2024-03-26 01:47:29*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/Orzone-Group-makes-history-with-drinking-water-exports-to-Sydney-Australia/34-759942)

Orzone Mineral Water Exports Ltd. recently exported 40 High-cube (HQ) containers of 600 millilitre (ml) drinking water bottles to Sydney, Australia, becoming the first ever Sri Lankan company to do so.

The Company has been awarded an order to supply one million 600 ml water bottles to Sydney, Australia, and the recent import marked the initial phase of it. The Company started exporting water bottles to other parts of the world 30 years ago and has commenced exports to Australia with the aim of expanding the business.

...



# SLPG secures Sri Lanka’s largest rooftop solar project in collaboration with BPTL

*2024-03-26 01:46:36*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/business/SLPG-secures-Sri-Lanka-s-largest-rooftop-solar-project-in-collaboration-with-BPTL/34-759941)

Sino Lanka Power Gen (Pvt) Limited (SLPG), an Orbital Energy company and a dynamic player in Sri Lanka’s renewable energy sector, has achieved a ground-breaking milestone by securing the largest rooftop solar project in the country’s history, for Best Pacific Textiles Lanka (Pvt) Limited (BPTL)., one of the world’s leading textile manufacturers, boasting a capacity of 6.3 MWp. This landmark project not only signifies SLPG’s prowess in the industry but also underscores its commitment to sustainability and cutting-edge technological solutions.

...



# Maithri should be arrested under the Prevention of Terrorism - Udaya Kammanpila

*2024-03-26 00:39:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179704)

Former President Maithripala Sirisena should be arrested in accordance with the Prevention of Terrorism Act. Has understood the crime of 7 years of rigorous imprisonment. We are well aware of him. Udaya Kammanpila, the leader of the Pivithuru Hela Urumaya (JHU) and Member of Parliament, said he would never make the facts.

He was speaking at a media briefing held at the Pivithuru Hela Urumaya (JHU) office in Colombo on Monday (25).

The police chief notes that we should be arrested for the arrest of former President Maithripala Sirisena, who has been informed of the terrorist attack, and that it is impossible. According to the law.

...



# Bus drivers in Badulla clash

*2024-03-26 00:31:46*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/பதுளையில்-பஸ்-சாரதிகளுக்கிடையில்-மோதல்/175-335189)

A clash between private bus workers in Badulla and state bus workers on the same route was clashed at the Badulla Central Bus Station yesterday evening.

The Badulla police said that two injured civil servants have been admitted to the Badulla Teaching Hospital and have been arrested on suspicion of a private bus driver and assistant.

During the argument over the bus run, police said that a private bus driver, the state bus driver and the conductor were stabbed to death with a knife.. (A)



# Model election will not be postponed

*2024-03-26 00:21:31*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/தேர்தல்-ஒத்திவைக்கப்பட-மாட்டாது/175-335188)

Minister of Justice, Prison Affairs and Constitutional Reforms Vijayadasa Rajapaksa said that no election is expected to be delayed through the Elections amendment filed in Parliament.

He said this at a media briefing held at the Presidential Media Center yesterday. He further stated that

There have been some talks in the community that there is a plan to postpone the election through the election amendments.. But it is important to note that these amendments are not expected to postpone the election.

...



# Action to reduce the price of large onions

*2024-03-26 00:15:11*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/பெரிய-வெங்காயத்தின்-விலையை-குறைக்க-நடவடிக்கை/175-335187)

Commerce Minister Nalin Fernando said steps have been taken to reduce the price of big onions during the New Year.

He also said that the price of big onions during the festive season is expected to pay 375 to 400 rupees.. (A)



# Increase in juvenile export income

*2024-03-26 00:09:41*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/இளநீர்-ஏற்றுமதி-வருமானம்-அதிகரிப்பு/175-335186)

In Sri Lanka last February, 3, 439 million rupees was earned by juvenile exports.

According to the Coconut Export Authority, the revenue has increased by 734 million rupees in February last year.

At the same time, in February last year, the income was earned by 2, 705 rupees.. (A)



# IPL 2024: Royal Challengers Bangalore team defeated Punjab Kings

*2024-03-26 00:02:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/179703)

Royal Challengers Bangalore won by four wickets in the 6th IPL match between Royal Challengers Bangalore and Punjab Kings.

Punjab Kings scored 176 runs for the loss of 6 wickets in its 20 overs.

The Royal Challengers Bangalore team scored 177 runs and Virat Kohli's 77 (49 balls) and Dinesh Karthik's 28 (10 balls) were unbeaten on the 28 (10 balls) of Virat Kohli.



# Where has that much-touted economic recovery road map gone?

*2024-03-26 00:00:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/opinion/Where-has-that-much-touted-economic-recovery-road-map-gone/172-279573)

If Sri Lanka continues to rely on borrowing to address the imbalance between imports and exports, the nation will inevitably confront another economic crisis within a decade, says President Ranil Wickremesinghe. He made these remarks during the inauguration ceremony of Bodhigara and Golden Fence, constructed near the historic Mangedara Tempita Viharaya in Kegalle on March 20.

...



# Ambitious Sri Lankan jobseekers ‘trafficked into Ukraine war zones’

*2024-03-26 00:00:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/news-features/Ambitious-Sri-Lankan-jobseekers-trafficked-into-Ukraine-war-zones/131-279572)

A group of 55 Sri Lankans, comprising former soldiers as well as civilians, had been trafficked to war-torn Ukraine with the promise of securing jobs in Georgia, Poland and Ukraine

Two suspects operating a foreign employment agency in Kadawatha were arrested this month on charges of trafficking a group of 55 Sri Lankans to conflict zones in Ukraine

Many ask the question whether it’s worth risking their lives so much in order to find employment abroad?

Police Spokesperson DIG Attorney-At-Law Nihal Thalduwa urged the public to be cautious of individuals involved in human trafficking

...



# Impact of parallel and underground economies on Govt. corruption and economic failure

*2024-03-26 00:00:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/opinion/Impact-of-parallel-and-underground-economies-on-Govt-corruption-and-economic-failure/172-279574)

This article explores the intricate relationship between political and government corruption and its detrimental impact on a country’s economic health. It delves into the complexities of fiscal deficit, parallel economy, and underground economy, collectively contributing to economic failure.

By shedding light on how corruption infiltrates various sectors, affecting everything from external debt interest to the common man’s basic needs, it also examines its effects on organised crime, antisocial behavior, and anti-national elements.

...



# Special protection for churches;Inspector General of Action

*2024-03-25 23:09:39*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/தேவாலயங்களுக்கு-விசேட-பாதுகாப்பு-பொலிஸ்மா-அதிபர்-அதிரடி/175-335184)

Inspector General of Police, Daspandu Thenkon, has issued a directive to the Senior Superintendent of Police in charge of all sections of the Christian churches to implement a special security program.

Accordingly, this special security program will be implemented for the 29th of this month for the worship of Holy Silver and Easter Sunday.

In addition, it is advised to choose the most popular churches and go to the security of the security.

...



# Issues facing Inland Revenue Department in tax collection

*2024-03-25 22:49:10*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/columns/Issues-facing-Inland-Revenue-Department-in-tax-collection/4-759916)

The IRD has encountered significant challenges in meeting its tax collection targets. As of October 2023, the IRD collected 82% of the projected revenue, amounting to Rs. 740 billion out of an expected Rs. 908 billion.

The slowdown in collection was particularly noticeable in the second half of the year, attributed to the Central Bank’s interest rate policy directive in August, which impacted corporate tax inflow. Financial institutions, which are major contributors to corporate taxes, have been affected by the monetary policy, leading to a shortfall in Government revenue.

...



# Economic realities and political promises

*2024-03-25 22:45:54*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/columns/Economic-realities-and-political-promises/4-759915)

“The first panacea for a mismanaged nation is inflation of the currency; the second is war. Both bring a temporary prosperity; both bring a permanent ruin. But both are the refuge of political and economic opportunists” – Ernest Hemingway

...



# Regulations must be data-driven; not based on fallacies

*2024-03-25 22:43:17*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/columns/Regulations-must-be-data-driven-not-based-on-fallacies/4-759914)

Claims countries have passed laws banning cigarette filters entirely false

...



# Regulations must be data-driven; not based on fallacies

*2024-03-25 22:43:17*

[dailyftlk](https://www.ft.lk/opinion/Regulations-must-be-data-driven-not-based-on-fallacies/14-759914)

Claims countries have passed laws banning cigarette filters entirely false

...

