# #SriLanka :sri_lanka: News Bulletin

<div id="news_lk_bulletin">

*Updated* **2024-02-15 20:02:08**

1. **National Child Protection Authority (NCPA) received nearly 10,000 complaints regarding child abuse in 2023**, with 2,242 complaints related to cruelty, 472 on sexual abuse, 404 on severe sexual abuse, 51 on rape of female children, and 6 on using children for obscene posts. [adaderanalk]

2. **Applications for the second phase of ‘Aswesuma’ welfare benefits program commence today (Feb.15)**, aiming to select 400,000 more beneficiaries, with the government planning to increase the total number of ‘Aswesuma’ beneficiaries to 2.4 million people. [adaderanalk]

3. **The Ministry of Education announced that the third term of government and government-approved private schools for 2023 will end tomorrow (Feb.16)**, and the first phase of the first school term for 2024 will begin on Monday (Feb.19). [dailymirrorlk]

4. **Finance State Minister Ranjith Siambalapitiya announced plans to allocate funds for farmers in the Kegalle district to acquire air rifles** to manage the toque monkey population, with decentralized funds being allocated for the procurement of air rifles for farmers' organizations. [dailymirrorlk]

5. **Piyum Hasthika alias ‘Piyuma’, the main accomplice of underworld figure Salindu Malshika alias ‘Kudu Salindu’, has been brought to Sri Lanka from Dubai** early this morning (Feb.15) by a special CID team. [adaderanalk]

6. **The Government of Maldives has decided to deport 186 foreign nationals including 25 Sri Lankans** accused of committing crimes such as visa violations and drug offences. [adaderanalk]

7. **The Sri Lanka Customs Trade Union Alliance has launched a work-to-rule campaign starting today (Feb. 15)** over several demands including solutions to their issues such as stalled promotions and discrepancies in wages. [adaderanalk]

8. **The fees for utilizing the public restroom facilities at Bastian Mawatha Bus Stand have been raised to Rs. 50 per person**, with the increase attributed to the rise in the water tariff and the monthly water bill increasing to Rs. 175,000. [dailymirrorlk]

9. **The Department of Meteorology forecasts several spells of showers in Polonnaruwa, Matale, Nuwara Eliya, and Hambantota districts**, as well as in the East and Uva provinces, with showers or thunderstorms likely to occur after two o'clock in the afternoon. [adaderanasinhalalk]

10. **A Fundamental Rights petition has been filed in the Supreme Court challenging the Constitutional Council’s decision to reject the President’s nomination** of incumbent President of the Court of Appeal Nissanka Bandula Karunaratne as a Supreme Court judge. [dailymirrorlk]

</div>

[Previous](data) Bulletins

## Methodology

This bulletin has been autogenerated by OpenAI's [gpt-4-0125-preview](https://platform.openai.com/docs/models/gpt-4-and-gpt-4-turbo) model, with the following prompt:

*Extract objective facts from this set of news articles, that might be of practical use to ordinary Sri Lankans,and present as 10 detailed bullets. EXCLUDE news not directly relevant to Sri Lanka. DO NOT repeat facts. EXCLUDE marketing/propaganda. EXCLUDE political opinions/statements by politicians. DO mention the name of the source, as "[newspaper]". EMPHASIZE named entities and statistics in bold.*

## Source News

Based on **187** News Articles, from the last **15** hours.

# CID arrested for a millionaire in Middeniya

*2024-02-15 19:19:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/193430)

A group of officials of the Illegal Asset Investigation Division of the Criminal Investigation Division has been arrested yesterday (14), a resident of the CID yesterday.

The air-conditioned house and a two storied house in the Meegasara area, two crores were Rs.

Police said that the suspect was produced in the Thanamalwila area for about ten years.

Police suspect that the property has been taken into custody by the money earned.

The assets considered that the suspect belongs to about Rs. 12 million.



# A large opposition in front of the onmaxdt boss

*2024-02-15 19:11:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/193429)

Investigations have been taken to the court today that a director of the Amaxd Private Company has been secretly abroad as a director of the OMAXDT has been released after being accused of defrauding depositors.

The Law function against the company was taken up before the Colombo Magistrate's Court today.

The Investigations Officer has shown that the 6th suspect, the director of the 6th suspect.

Meanwhile, ONMAXDT customers were silent protest in front of the court today (15).

As the accused directors left the court, customers came to the car and protesting the car they were traveling.

...



# Global growth shifts to Asia, Sri Lanka an attractive center: JICA president

*2024-02-15 19:00:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/global-growth-shifts-to-asia-sri-lanka-an-attractive-center-jica-president-151105/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka is an attractive center for economic growth, and the Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) will continue to partner in the country’s progress, JICA President Tanaka Akihiko has said.

“Global growth has shifted to the Asia Pacific region and Sri Lanka is an attractive center of global economic growth,” he said, adding that JICA will continue to be a partner in the country’s progress, according to a statement by the Department of Government Information.

...



# CEB Rs. 112 million crores to customers

*2024-02-15 18:58:33*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/ලංවිම-රු--කෝටි-112ක්-පාරිභෝගියන්ට-ගෙවලා/11-408111)

In 2023, the Ceylon Electricity Board (CEB) has paid a new electricity supply to Rs.



# JICA to resume construction of second terminal of Katunayake airport

*2024-02-15 18:49:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/JICA-to-resume-construction-of-second-terminal-of-Katunayake-airport/108-277098)

Colombo, Feb 15 (Daily Mirror) - Since Sri Lanka's economy is showing growth, the Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) said they will support the construction of the second terminal of the Katunayake Airport after the financial restructuring process is implemented by the International Monetary Fund.

The decision was announced during a discussion between Ports, Shipping and Aviation Minister Nimal Siripala de Silva and a group of representatives, including JICA Institute Chairman Akihiko Tanaka at the Ministry.

...



# "Don't come to anyone to buy tickets"

*2024-02-15 18:42:18*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/டிக்கெட்-வாங்க-யாரும்-வர-வேண்டாம்/175-333282)

Tickets for the first T20 match will be sold at the Rangiri Dambulla International Cricket Ground on Saturday (17).

Sri Lanka Cricket has advised the public not to go to blacksmiths demanding match tickets for the first T20 match.

Meanwhile, cricket fans have been increasingly accumulated to buy tickets for the first T20 match.

Fans have said that this is the first time the match will be held in Dambulla after five years.

Sri Lanka and Afghanistan T20 matches will be held on February 17, 19 and 21 at Dambulla Ground.



# Three policemen knock in front of a citizen and apologizes

*2024-02-15 18:42:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/193428)

Three police officers kneel before an ordinary citizen and an apologized.

The 81-year-old Godwin Perera has been identified as a senior citizen.

The three police officers have been forgiven by Vidith K Malalgoda, Achala Wingulgoda and Arjuna Oyajuna and Arjuna Obeysekara.

In 2017, Mr. Godwin Perera was informed to a private hospital in 2017 and had taken steps to hospital with a road accident.

The complaint states that the respondents were taken to the police cell by respondents.

He further stated that he has asked the law and asked the same as the officials.

...



# Doctor arrested for selling drugs

*2024-02-15 18:35:16*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/போதை-மருந்து-விற்ற-வைத்தியர்-கைது/175-333281)

The doctor of the Peradeniya Children's Hospital, who was arrested during a raid carried out by the Ethgala Police in the Gampola Jayamalapura area on suspicion of selling drug pills, has been kept in detention until February 19.

He has been kept in detention after being produced in the presence of Chief Magistrate Vasana Navarathana, Gampola.

The suspect, a doctor, a doctor named Kumburekethra Mathuma Banda Vardhana Kumbura, is from Karadai in Keliiya.

The suspect was arrested with the help of an assistant who had bought the pills to Jayamalapurapura with 1600 pills to Jayamalapura, with 1600 pills.

...



# Minister calls for domestic medicine production to curtail USD 500 Mn imports

*2024-02-15 18:34:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Minister-calls-for-domestic-medicine-production-to-curtail-USD-500-Mn-imports/108-277097)

Colombo, Feb 15 (Daily Mirror) - In a bid to address the substantial financial outlay of over USD 500 million spent annually on importing medicines, Minister of Health and Industry, Dr. Ramesh Pathirana, underscored the need for domestic production.

He said this during a special discussion held with key officials from the Medical Supplies Division, the State Pharmaceutical Corporation and the National Medicines Regulatory Authority.

...



# Israel and Sri Lanka sign direct flights deal

*2024-02-15 18:27:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/israel-and-sri-lanka-sign-direct-flights-deal-151108/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka has signed a direct air service agreement with Israel, its Ports, Shipping, and Aviation Minister Nimal Siripala de Silva has said.

The agreement’s focus was on preventing delays in Sri Lankan workers’ migration abroad, de Silva said at a press briefing on Thursday (15).

“The agreement, signed between the Israeli Ministry of Transport and our Ministry of Ports, Shipping, and Aviation, marks the beginning of direct flights between Israel and Sri Lanka, aiming to enhance passenger convenience,” de Silva said.

...



# CPSTL audit exposes data deletion and ‘massive losses’ in stock holding

*2024-02-15 18:15:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97301/cpstl-audit-exposes-data-deletion-and-massive-losses-in-stock-holding-)

Minister of Power and Energy Kanchana Wijesekara says he has received an audit report from KPMG and CPSTL audit investigation officials saying they have found that more than 1.3 million entries on SAP data have been changed or deleted since 2010 and that most have occurred in 2022 during the height of Sri Lanka’s fuel crisis.

In a post on ‘X’, formerly known as Twitter, the minister said that the major findings of the forensic audit conducted by KPMG on the sales and distribution of petroleum products from Ceylon Petroleum Storage Terminals Ltd (CPSTL) was briefed to him this afternoon (15).

...



# The Ceremony Backup Bill will be presented to Parliament soon -Justice Minister Wijeyadasa Rajapaksa

*2024-02-15 18:14:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/176473)

Amendments to the Ceremony Backup Act have been sent to the Department of Law. Minister of Justice Wijeyadasa Rajapaksa said that the new Bill will be prepared and that it will be presented to Parliament soon.

He was speaking at a press conference held at the Ministry of Justice, Prison and the Constitutional Reform on Thursday (15).

In 2017, the government took steps to bring in the Faculty Backup Act to monitor and regulate social websites. The Media Ministry was given the responsibility of listening to the views of all parties on the law and making amendments to it and submitting it to Parliament.

...



# Sri Lanka - Afghanistan Twenty20 Cricket Tournament: An announcement for cricket fans

*2024-02-15 18:03:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/176472)

The first Twenty20 cricket match between Sri Lanka and Afghanistan will be held in Dambulla on the 17th.

Accordingly, the Cricket Board has issued a statement to sports fans to avoid buying tickets to watch the match.

Meanwhile, it is reported that more people were waiting in a long line to get a large number of people's tickets for the competition on Thursday (15) near the Dambulla Playground.



# Atickened OIC's work in Kalpitiya

*2024-02-15 18:01:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/193427)

The OIC of the OIC has been suspended for sexually abusing women's constable.

The OIC of the Kalpitiya Police has been suspended as per the decision of the Police Commission.

Earlier, he was bailed after he was produced in court and the case was taken to be called on March 6.



# Sri Lanka makes identification mandatory for Aswesuma II amidst welfare fraud

*2024-02-15 18:00:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-makes-identification-mandatory-for-aswesuma-ii-amidst-welfare-fraud-151099/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka’s Welfare Benefits Board said the national identification card will be mandatory for those applying for the second phase of its Aswesuma program due to widespread welfare fraud.

“One of the changes we are making from the first phase is making identification compulsory,” Chairman of the Welfare Benefits Board, Jayantha Wijerathne, said at a press briefing Thursday (15).

“We could not prioritize this in the first phrase. Therefore, we had a lot of inconveniences and many people have claimed benefits multiple times.”

...



# Kalpitiya OIC interdicted over alleged sexual harassment of Woman Constable

*2024-02-15 17:54:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97300/kalpitiya-oic-interdicted-over-alleged-sexual-harassment-of-woman-constable)

The officer-in-charge (OIC) of the Kalpitiya Police Station has been interdicted by the National Police Commission over the alleged incident of sexually harassing a Woman Police Constable (WPC), the Police Media Spokesman SSP Nihal Thalduwa said.

The suspected police OIC had surrendered to the Puttalam Magistrate’s Court through a lawyer in connection with the incident on Tuesday (13), after the Kuliyapitiya SSP had reported facts to the court and initiated an investigation.

...



# The information received by the minister's information about deleting data

*2024-02-15 17:49:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/193426)

Energy Minister Kanchana Wijesekara says he received the basic issues identified by the Fuel storage of Ceylon Petroleum Storage Terminal and the fuel distribution of fuel distributions.

The Minister said that the Ministry of Power and Energy had informed the Ministry of Power and Energy to conduct this wheat examination by the CID by 2022.

Accordingly, the Internal Audit Division of the International Audit Institute and the Ceylon Oil Storage Terminal was carried out by KPMG.

...



# Sri Lanka President seeks swift resumption of Japan funded projects

*2024-02-15 17:30:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-president-seeks-swift-resumption-of-japan-funded-projects-151091/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka President Ranil Wickremesinghe has sought a “swift resumption” of Japan funded projects which have been halted following a default, at a meeting with the President of the Japan International Co-operation Agency.

Wickremesinghe has discussed resuming the project on expanding the main airport, a light rail project and the central expressway, during a meeting with JICA President Tanaka Akihiko in Colombo, a statement said.

Akihiko had highlighted “the priority of concluding debt restructuring while also aiming for the resumption of stalled projects” the statement said.

...



# Sri Lanka rupee closes at 313.70/90 to the US dollar

*2024-02-15 17:19:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-rupee-closes-at-313-70-90-to-the-us-dollar-151085/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka’s rupee closed at 313.70/90 to the US dollar Thursday, from 313.00/10 on Wednesday, dealers said.

A bond maturing on 01.02.2026 closed at 10.50/60 percent up from 10.35/45 percent.

A bond maturing on 15.09.2027 closed at 11.45/65 percent from 11.30/45 percent.

A bond maturing on 15.03.2028 closed at 11.95/12.10 percent from 11.80/85 percent.

A bond maturing on 15.07.2029 closed at 12.20/50 percent from 12.05/20 percent.

A bond maturing on 15.05.2030 closed at 12.20/50 percent up from 12.05/20 percent.

A bond maturing on 15.05.2031 closed at 12.20/70 percent from 12.25/45 percent.

...



# Doctor remanded for selling narcotic tablets

*2024-02-15 17:16:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Doctor-remanded-for-selling-narcotic-tablets/108-277096)

Gampola, Feb 15 (Daily Mirror) -  A doctor of the Peradeniya Children’s Hospital who was arrested by the Ethgala police during a raid in Jayamalapura, Gampola on suspicion being involved in the selling of intoxicant tablets, was remanded till February 19.

He was remanded after being produced before Gampola Chief Magistrate Wasana Navartne.

The suspect Dr. Konaratne Mudiyanselage Wardana Kumburegedara Madduma Banda Wardana Kumbura is a resident of Karamada in Gelioya.

...



# Maskeliya heated suit

*2024-02-15 17:10:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/193425)

Police have arrested a group of youths in Sri Pada pilgrimage regarding the assault on a private bus driver and conductor.

The arrested persons have been arrested by a group of youths in Galle where the age of 22 and 25.

The youths were traveling from the Galle to Sri Pada pillowing from the Galle area from the Galle area and returned from a SLTB bus to the Hatton Railway Station.

A private bus passenger bus, which was traveling to the SLTB bus, has attempted to pass it through it.

In the meantime, the private bus on the SLTB bus was attacked in the small Maskeliya area.

A young man who was arrested along with the stone was also wounded.

...



# Sri Lanka stocks close up, trades in banking shares drive turnover

*2024-02-15 17:10:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-stocks-close-up-trades-in-banking-shares-drive-turnover-151081/)

ECONOMYNEXT – The Colombo Stock Exchange closed up on Thursday, data on its site showed.

The broader All Share Index closed up 36.98 points, or 0.35 percent at 10,568, while the S&P SL20 Index closed up at 3,035 points, up 0.37 percent, or 11.09 points.

Turnover was at 961 million. Trades in the Banks sector (283mn) added the most to the day’s turnover.

Sampath Bank Plc saw large volumes traded in the day, contributing 122mn to the day’s turnover. The bank announced a cash dividend of 5.85 per share. The share closed up at 73.10.

...



# Sri Lanka’s LGBTIQ+ community representatives meet Speaker

*2024-02-15 17:04:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97299/sri-lankas-lgbtiq-community-representatives-meet-speaker)

A group of Sri Lankan LGBTIQ+ community representatives met with the Speaker of the Parliament Mahinda Yapa Abeywardana on Monday (12).

The objective of this meeting was to draw the attention of the Speaker regarding the Private Member Bill brought in by the Member of Parliament Premnath C. Dolawatte to amend Sections 365 and 365A of the Penal Code of Sri Lanka, the Parliamentary Communications Department said in a statement.

Moreover, the LGBTIQ+ community representatives and the Speaker had a discussion at length regarding the issues faced by the LGBTIQ+ community living in Sri Lanka, it added.

...



# A 19 -year -old female cashier arrested for allegedly defrauding 4.5 million rupees in a private company

*2024-02-15 17:04:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/176468)

A 19 -year -old woman who allegedly defrauded 4.5 million rupees while working in a private company has been arrested by the Kalutara Special Fraud Investigation Division.

The suspect has been arrested on a complaint lodged by a private company owner in Ambapitiyagama, Beruwala.

Investigations have revealed that the fraud took place from 2023.06.09 to 2024.02.06.



# Israeli soldiers at Nazer Hospital in Connequin - Hamas

*2024-02-15 17:04:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/176467)

The Israeli military has revealed that Hamas has been detained at Nazer Hospital in Tenkasa.

It has been reported that the Israeli army, which has forcibly evicted patients from the hospital, has demolished parts of the building using the Bulldozers.



# Gunathilaka Rajapakse MP suddenly sick and admitted to hospital

*2024-02-15 16:58:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/176463)

It is reported that he was suddenly sick and admitted to the hospital during the Kandy District Coordinating Meeting.



# Snowmade in some places in Nuwara Eliya

*2024-02-15 16:56:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/176466)

Following the inclement weather in many parts of the country, the weather is in the morning and evening in Nuwara Eliya. Also, the drivers are going to burn the home lights due to heavy snowfall.

Especially on the Nuwara Eliya Hatton main road, Ruwan Elijah, Blackpool and Vendiconner, Nanuoya Ratalla Cross Road, Nuwara Eliya - Baduliya, Nuwara Eliya - Kandi -KandyThe traffic police have also asked for the vehicles to pay very careful as they light the home lights of the vehicles on the side.

It is also worth noting that any of the road signals fitted on the streets due to heavy snowfall found on the main streets are invisible.



# Sri Lanka, India hold talks on collaboration in personnel administration & governance

*2024-02-15 16:54:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97298/sri-lanka-india-hold-talks-on-collaboration-in-personnel-administration-governance)

Sri Lanka and India kicked off bilateral delegation-level talks on Wednesday (Feb.14) in New Delhi for collaboration in personnel administration and governance.

The discussion was chaired by Secretary to India’s Department of Administrative Reforms & Public Grievances (DARPG), Shri V. Srinivas and Secretary to the Prime Minister of Sri Lanka, Anura Dissanayake.

...



# UK based cricketer handed 17 ½ year ban over match-fixing

*2024-02-15 16:52:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/UK-based-cricketer-handed-17-½-year-ban-over-match-fixing/108-277095)

Feb. 15 (ICC) - UK based club cricketer Rizwan Javed has been banned from all cricket for 17 ½ years after he was found guilty of five different breaches of the Emirates Cricket Board (ECB) Anti-Corruption Code for Participants (the ‘Code’).

Rizwan was among eight players and officials charged by the ICC on behalf of the ECB (in its capacity as the Designated Anti-Corruption Official under the Code) in September last year in relation to the 2021 Abu Dhabi T10 Cricket League and attempts to corrupt matches in that tournament, which attempts were disrupted.

...



# “Can't break the country”

*2024-02-15 16:46:09*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/பிரிந்திருந்து-நாட்டை-கட்டியெழுப்ப-முடியாது/175-333274)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe said that the country could not be built politically and that all parties would come together to unite to provide prosperous living standards for the country or for the government or the opposition.

The first inauguration of the Anuradhapura North Water Supply Project was held on Thursday (15). He said this while participating in the event.

President Ranil Wickremesinghe urged the Anuradhapura Northern Water Supply Scheme to provide solutions to the agricultural activities and drinking water needs of the area and that the project will not affect agriculture despite various parties.

...



# Tickets for the first T20 game, 'Sold Out'

*2024-02-15 16:45:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Tickets-for-the-first-T20-game-Sold-Out/108-277094)

Colombo, Feb. 15 (Daily Mirror) - Tickets for the first T20I match to be played at Rangiri Dambulla International Cricket Stadium on Saturday (17) have been sold out.

Sri Lanka Cricket has advised the general public not to visit ticket counters seeking match tickets for the first T20I.

Meanwhile, a heavy influx of cricket fans rushing to buy tickets for the first T20I match has been experienced today.

The fans claimed that it was the first time in five years that they had the opportunity to see a match played in Dambulla.

...



# Relating to the second phase of the revenue to March 15

*2024-02-15 16:41:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/193424)

The Welfare Board Chairman Jayantha Wijeratne says that the acceptance of applications for the second phase of the revenue will be held from today (15) to March 15.

The revenue was submitted to the first phase of the revenue and the applications, but the housing information would be applied to the second phase.

The Welfare Board Chairman added that the relief is expected to benefit from the second phase of the relief.

Speaking at a media briefing today, the Welfare Board Chairman Jayantha Wijeratne was speaking at a media briefing held today.



# Special notification for Sri Lankan cricket players

*2024-02-15 16:40:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/193423)

All tickets of the first Twenty Twenty Twenty Twenty Twenty Twenty20 match between Sri Lanka and Afghanistan have been constructed at Dambulla.

Accordingly, SLC has issued an announcement and urges the sports laorin to take tickets to view the match.

Meanwhile, a large number of tickets have been found near the Dambulla Stadium.



# KPMG audit of Ceylon Petroleum Storage Terminals finds data deleted, stock losses

*2024-02-15 16:37:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/kpmg-audit-of-ceylon-petroleum-storage-terminals-finds-data-deleted-stock-losses-151071/)

ECONOMYNEXT – A forensic audit conducted by KPMG on irregularities at Ceylon Petroleum Corporation and Ceylon Petroleum Storage Terminals (CPSTL) has found massive stock losses, and entries on the ERP software plaform have been have been changed or deleted, Sri Lanka’s energy minister has said.

The audit was done based on a complaint made by Sri Lanka’s Minister of Power and Energy to the Criminal Investigations Department in August 2022.

...



# Thennakoon says 42 International red notices issued for wanted criminals

*2024-02-15 16:22:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Thennakoon-says-42-International-red-notices-issued-for-wanted-criminals/108-277093)

Colombo, Feb 15 (Daily Mirror) - Acting Inspector General of Police Deshabandu Tennakoon said 42 international red notices have been issued so far for criminals who have fled the country after underworld and drug crimes.

He made these remarks while attending the opening of a new police post in front of the National Hospital in Colombo.

Thennakoon said the suspects on whom these red notices will be brought to Sri Lanka with the help of the International Police.

The Acting IGP emphasized that the main accomplice of drug trafficker Kudu Salindu was brought to Sri Lanka on Thursday morning and he will be interrogated  by the CID.

...



# Sri Lanka's Tamil Nadu Party Convention

*2024-02-15 16:21:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/176456)

An interim injunction has been issued by the court to hold a conference in the Jaffna District Court seeking an injunction against the TNA convention.

A case was filed in the Jaffna District Court on Thursday (15) against the TNA convention.

The Jaffna District Court has issued an interim injunction to hold a conference to be held on the 19th of this month.

Meanwhile, the Trincomalee District Court has also banned the convention following the case in the Trincomalee District Court.



# The student who had been drunk was taken to the hospital because he was sick at the school!

*2024-02-15 16:19:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/176459)

A student was admitted to the Badulla Teaching Hospital due to a sickness in a school in Pasarai area.

Yesterday (14), the student suddenly vomited due to ill health. When the teachers asked him about this, he said that he had been drinking on the main road near the school.

According to sources at the Badulla Teaching Hospital for further treatment, the student told the hospital for further treatment.



# Ashemum Second Stage: Apply Today - Head of Welfare Benefits Council

*2024-02-15 16:19:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/176453)

Welfare Benefits Council Chairman Jayantha Wijeratne said that the process of accepting applications for the second phase of the second phase will be held from today (15th) to March 15th and that all those who are eligible will get the benefits without any obstacles.

He said that families who did not submit applications in the preliminary first phase would have the opportunity to apply for the second phase of any persons who did not submit their applications and submit their home information.

...



# MP Gunatilleke Rajapaksa hospitalized

*2024-02-15 16:16:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/193421)

Parliamentarian Gunatilleke Rajapaksa has been hospitalized due to a sudden illness.

During the Kandy District Coordinating meeting, the time was hospitalized.



# School teacher Hatton police arrested for harassing 3 students

*2024-02-15 16:11:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/176457)

The teacher of the same school has been arrested on suspicion of allegedly harassing three school students at a regional school under the Hatton Regional Education Office.

It is reported that the teacher has tried to get rid of the three students who have been learning at the school and sent a short message to them.

The students involved have lodged a complaint with the Vattawala police if unnecessary pressures are applied to the students sitting in the classroom as they do not respond to the suspect's SMS.

...



# JKH, Teejay, CTC, Dialog and Dilmah score in transparency in corporate reporting

*2024-02-15 16:01:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/jkh-teejay-ctc-dialog-and-dilmah-score-in-transparency-in-corporate-reporting-151057/)

ECONOMYNEXT – John Keells Holdings Plc, Teejay Lanka Plc, Ceylon Tobacco Company Plc, Dialog Axiata Plc, and Dilmah Ceylon Tea Company Plc tied first in Transparency in Corporate Reporting (TRAC) assessment by Transparency International Sri Lanka (TISL).

All five companies achieved the full score for transparency in corporate reporting, while 27 companies are considered ‘Significantly Transparent’ in corporate reporting as per the latest assessment. The Report assessed companies on their corporate disclosure practices in preventing corruption.

...



# Japan slips into a recession and loses its spot as the world’s third-largest economy

*2024-02-15 15:58:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97297/japan-slips-into-a-recession-and-loses-its-spot-as-the-worlds-third-largest-economy)

Japan’s economy is now the world’s fourth-largest after it contracted in the last quarter of 2023 and fell behind Germany.

The government reported the economy shrank at an annual rate of 0.4% in October to December, according to Cabinet Office data on real GDP released Thursday, though it grew 1.9% for all of 2023. It contracted 2.9% in July-September. Two straight quarters of contraction are considered an indicator an economy is in a technical recession.

...



# New ruler of Indonesia?

*2024-02-15 15:56:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/193419)

It is the prospect for a president, a vice president, a vice president, parliament and local MPs.

All the attention of everyone was involved in the next ruler of Indonesia.

This time the Indonesian presidential presidential election was more competitive and was the reason for being a few significant characters in politics.

The public was too many decisive, and the people of the country were more critical to the people who ruled the country for 10 years.

In such an environment that the world's largest electoral Indonesian election was ended yesterday.

...



# Sri Lanka could lose US$ 50 bn from extreme weather conditions: Ruwan

*2024-02-15 15:47:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Sri-Lanka-could-lose-US-50-bn-from-extreme-weather-conditions-Ruwan/108-277091)

Feb 15 (Daily Mirror) - Sri Lanka is slated to lose US$ 50 billion with 87 percent of its population potentially facing extreme weather conditions within the next two decades, Presidential Advisor on climate change Ruwan Wijewardene told a top gathering.

Speaking during the South Asia Hydromet Forum, Wijewardene said Sri Lanka is a country which is significantly affected by weather related losses.

...



# Eligible individuals to receive ‘Aswesuma’ benefits without repercussions: WBB

*2024-02-15 15:33:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97296/eligible-individuals-to-receive-aswesuma-benefits-without-repercussions-wbb)

The Welfare Benefits Board (WBB) chairman on Thursday (Feb.15) announced the commencement of applications for the second phase of ‘Aswesuma’ program.

Accordingly, new applications will be accepted for a period of one month until March 15.

Eligible individuals will receive the benefits without repercussions, WBB Chairman Jayantha Wijeratne noted while addressing a press conference at the Presidential Media Centre (PMC).

The families that could not submit applications during the first phase or did not participate in the housing information census can apply during the new phase, he explained.

...



# Japan no longer world’s third-largest economy as it slips into recession

*2024-02-15 15:31:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Japan-no-longer-worlds-third-largest-economy-as-it-slips-into-recession/108-277092)

TOKYO (AP) — Japan’s economy is now the world’s fourth-largest after it contracted in the last quarter of 2023 and fell behind Germany.

The government reported the economy shrank at an annual rate of 0.4% in October to December, according to Cabinet Office data on real GDP released Thursday, though it grew 1.9% for all of 2023. It contracted 2.9% in July-September. Two straight quarters of contraction are considered an indicator an economy is in a technical recession.

...



# Japan no longer world’s third-largest economy as it slips into recession

*2024-02-15 15:31:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/international/Japan-no-longer-worlds-third-largest-economy-as-it-slips-into-recession/107-277092)

TOKYO (AP) — Japan’s economy is now the world’s fourth-largest after it contracted in the last quarter of 2023 and fell behind Germany.

The government reported the economy shrank at an annual rate of 0.4% in October to December, according to Cabinet Office data on real GDP released Thursday, though it grew 1.9% for all of 2023. It contracted 2.9% in July-September. Two straight quarters of contraction are considered an indicator an economy is in a technical recession.

...



# Yall. Accident in Vaddukoddai;Two people injured

*2024-02-15 15:28:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/176451)

Two -wheelers collided with two -wheelers on Thursday morning at the Vaddukoddai junction, which belongs to the Vaddukoddai police division in Jaffna.

In the meantime, two persons have been taken to the Jaffna Teaching Hospital by the emergency patient Kavuwandi and are being treated there.

The accident is said to have occurred due to high speed. Vaddukoddai police are conducting further investigations into the incident.



# Japan leaves a green light from Japan

*2024-02-15 15:09:14*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/සැහැල්ලු-දුම්රිය-ව්‍යාපෘතියට-ජපානයෙන්-කොළ-එළියක්/11-408110)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe and the President of the Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) was held at the Presidential Secretariat yesterday (14).

Despite the difficult process to carry out new economic reforms, Dr. Tanca Akito was assessed by President Ranil Wickremesinghe to implement economic reforms in Sri Lanka.

President Ranil Wickremesinghe said that the projects stopped under the operation of the Bandaranaike International Airport and the Central Expressway, the Donation of the Katunayake Railway and the Central Expressway.

...



# Youth killed in motorcycle

*2024-02-15 15:09:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/176450)

A youth who was traveling on a motorcycle in Mahaduwegama area belonging to the Kalutara North Police Division

The young man was riding a motorbike to the shop where he was working from his home and was severely injured when he was seriously injured.

Police said the accident occurred after the motorcycle driver could not control the speed. The deceased is 25 -year -old Kihan Madusanga Lakmal.



# Interim ban on holding national conference of Sri Lanka Tamil National Party

*2024-02-15 15:06:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/176446)

The Trincomalee District Court today issued an interim injunction issued by the Trincomalee District Court not to hold the conference for two weeks as the Sri Lanka Tamil National Party's conference was held on the 19th.

The interim order has been issued for 14 days when it was taken up today in the presence of Ganesarajah in the presence of Trincomalee District Judge Manikavasakar Ganesarajah.

President's Attorney Jeffrey Alagaratnam and Attorney -at -Law Panthan appeared with Aishwarya Sivakumar's registered lawyer.

...



# Proposed Broadcasting Regulatory Commission Bill - Opposition Dissatisfaction

*2024-02-15 15:05:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/176448)

The Opposition has issued strong opposition to the Sri Lankan government's proposed Broadcasting Regulatory Commission Bill.

The United People's Power has expressed fears that media freedom can be controlled by this bill by the government.

Harsha de Silva, a united power parliamentarian, has expressed distrust of the proposed Bill.

He said the bill could create a situation and electronic media controlled.

Harsadisilva, who has expressed confidence in the government's amendment to the Ceylon Protection Act, said it was to suppress social media.

...



# Piss

*2024-02-15 15:01:04*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/யாழ்ப்பாணம்/பனிக்கூழில்-பாயமுடியாது-தவித்த-தவளை/71-333270)

The frog means jumping and jumping. However, there is an incident where an ice cream (ice cream) is not covered in an ice cream.

Investigations have been launched by health inspectors in connection with the incident where a frog was found in an ice cream sold at an ice cream stall in Jaffna.

A frog was found in the ice cream outlet at the environment of the Murugan Temple on Wednesday (14) when a man bought an ice cream.

Due to the high temperatures of Jaffna, the people who go to the temple are buying soft drinks and ice creams in the ice cream outlets.

...



# Ex-President Sirisena calls on top official of US State Dept.

*2024-02-15 14:59:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97295/ex-president-sirisena-calls-on-top-official-of-us-state-dept)

Former President Maithripala Sirisena has called on Afreen Akhter, the Deputy Assistant Secretary to the Bureau of South Central Asian Affairs of the US State Department in Washington DC.

During the encounter, the former Sri Lankan leader exchanged views with Akhter on further strengthening bilateral relations between the two countries.

The two sides also discussed the island nation’s political situation at length.

Sirisena expressed his gratitude to the United States for the continued support extended to Sri Lanka.



# Queue to see cricket to Dambulla after 5 years

*2024-02-15 14:58:02*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/sports/අවුරුදු-5කට-පසුව-දඹුල්ලට-එන-ක්‍රිකට්-බලන්න-දැනටමත්-පෝලිම්/9-408109)

An international competition at the Dambulla International Cricket Stadium five years later is coming to obtain tickets to watch sports competition.

A large number of people were able to see the 15 day a large group of 15 days to obtain tickets in front of the Rangiri Dambulla cricket stadium.

However, SLC officials say that the vehicles have ended on the 15th of the 15th of the 15th.

There were long polin in front of the Dambulla cricket stadium to obtain tickets.The lovers of the sports are that they are suspected that they will not have the opportunity to watch the match.

...



# Red Notification for 42 escaped

*2024-02-15 14:56:47*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/video/தப்பிச்-சென்றுள்ள-42-பேருக்கு-சிவப்பு-அறிவித்தல்/52-333269)

International red announcement has been issued to 42 suspects who fled the country, involved in various crimes and drug trafficking, said Inspector General of Police Deshabandu Tennakoon.

He said that steps have been taken to bring the red announcements to Sri Lanka with the help of the International Police.



# The President's call again!

*2024-02-15 14:53:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/176445)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe also said that all sides are calling for again.

President Ranil Wickremesinghe said that the country could not be built politically and that all parties would unite to unite to provide a prosperous living standard for the country or for the government or the opposition.



# Opening the first phase of the Northern Water Supply Scheme of Anuradhapura

*2024-02-15 14:50:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/176443)

The first phase of the Anuradhapura Northern Water Supply Scheme, which was funded by JICA, was opened by President Ranil Wickremesinghe and JICA President Danaka Akihiko at the invitation of Minister Jeevan Thondaman.



# India-Sri Lanka officials discuss capacity building for civil servants

*2024-02-15 14:50:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/india-sri-lanka-officials-discuss-capacity-building-for-civil-servants-151052/)

ECONOMYNEXT – A Sri Lankan delegation in India have held bilateral talks with Indian officials on collaboration in personnel administration and governance.

“Both sides discussed on the modalities of a proposed Memorandum of Understanding between Sri Lanka Institute of Development Administration (SLIDA) and NCGG [National Centre for Good Governance, India] with a view to conduct Capacity Building Programmes (CBP) for senior and mid-level civil servants of Sri Lanka by NCGG,” a statement by the High Commission of India in Colombo said.

...



# Bail for university students

*2024-02-15 14:41:27*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/பல்கலைக்கழக-மாணவர்களுக்கு-பிணை/175-333263)

Students arrested and interrogated on suspicion of assaulting a student of Sabaragamuwa University and two students have been released on bail.

The Balangoda Magistrate's Court today (15) granted bail to thirteen students.

Seven students were arrested on the 12th and 6 more students were arrested on the 14th.

A student of the Sabaragamuwa University Faculty and two students was eating at the snack on the night of the 9th of this month.



# Villagers objected to President's festival

*2024-02-15 14:37:30*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/uncategorized/ජනපති-ආපු-උත්සවයට-ගම්මුන්ගෙන්-විරෝධයක්/1-408108)

The first phase of the Northern Water Supply Drinking Drinking Drinking Water Project was opened by President Ranil Wickremesinghe.

Japanese Ambassador and Japanese Ambassador and Japanese International Cooperation (Jayasika) were also present.

The protest said that the water of the drinking water was carried out to Jaffna or that the waters of the water would be provided with a system of water.

They said that the ownership of the rains filled with a week after the opening of the water was reduced due to the opening of the water in the water alone.

...



# A gang to extort police

*2024-02-15 14:35:29*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/පොලිස්-වෙසින්-කප්පම්-ගන්න-කල්ලියක්/11-408107)

Moragahahena Police say investigations into the arrest of an organized gang which was arrested in a car derived from a car in the Panadura Walana Central Anti-Corruption Association.

A private sector youth to the Department of Examinations at the Pelagaham Talgahawila to the house was to be taken to the house and drank the car and drank water and decorate the delegation.We have shown two identity cards to the car and the other person's backing on the back of the car, what does it mean to find the ice drugs?The police say that he is willing to be saved from God

...



# This baby is the baby

*2024-02-15 14:27:25*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/ළිදේ-දමාගිය-මේ-බිළිඳිය-කාගේදෝ/11-408106)

Fluo dead body found on a well adjacent to a house in the Kurunegala Police, Kurunegala. The body body is a body of a girl and is placed at the morgue morgue of the Koanor.. One (16) was discovered by who had not been found by the commitment, he was found and said in a statement today.



# An opportunity to remove police powers from the Provincial Council

*2024-02-15 14:25:47*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/පළාත්-සභාවෙන්-පොලිස්-බලතල-ඉවත්-කිරීමට-අවස්ථාවක්/11-408105)

Leader of the JHU Leader Legal Gammanpila says that the police powers of the Patriotic people in Sri Lanka for 37 years have been reduced to the provincial councils.

The two-day constitutional amendment presented by Udaya Gammanpila has been announced to the removal of police powers from provincial councils.

...



# The number of teachers is three times the number of teachers

*2024-02-15 14:18:48*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/ගුරුවරියන්ගේ-සංඛ්‍යාව-ගුරුවරුන්ගේ-සංඛ්‍යාව-මෙන්-තුන්-ගුණයක්/11-408104)

The number of teachers working in government schools in the island is three times the number of teachers.

396 national schools and 9730 provincial schools is 10126. The total number of teachers serving in them is 296,738 km and the number of teachers is 179,921.

The data report revealed that the latest statistical data report has revealed that the school system has been prepared by the Ministry of Education 2022.



# Five youth arrested in Maskeliya incident: two buses at police station!

*2024-02-15 14:07:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/176444)

Maskeliya police said that five youths were arrested on suspicion of assaulting a private bus driver and conductor during the incident in Maskeliya yesterday (14).

A private bus traveling from Maskeliya to Hatton to Hatton has been hit by a pilgrims' bus -owned bus -owned bus to Hatton Depot and a group of pilgrims who went to visit the Sivanolipada mountain.. A young man was injured.

After the youth was injured, five youths from the EBS bus got down and attacked the driver and conductor of the private bus.

Due to this confrontation, traffic on the Maskeliya -Hatton main road has been completely blocked for about an hour.

...



# Science teacher arrested for molesting schoolgirls

*2024-02-15 14:03:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Science-teacher-arrested-for-molesting-schoolgirls/108-277089)

Hatton, Feb 15 (Daily Mirror) - A science teacher of a Tamil school in Watawala was arrested today during investigations on a complaint that he had attempted to sexually abuse three schoolgirls.

Police said the suspect is alleged to have sent SMSs to the three Grade 10 school girls inducing them to sexual relations. However, when they had restrained his advances, he had written messages on their chairs to woo them.

Investigations revealed that the 44 year old teacher is father of two children.

A police team under OIC Watawala police Chandana Gamage is conducting further investigations.



# The international community has no reliable plan to protect people in Rafa - Australia

*2024-02-15 13:59:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/176436)

Australian Foreign Minister Beniwong has said that the international community has not yet proposed any plans to implement a credible implementation plan to protect the rafa.

Benivong, who has said that Australia is publishing the concerns of the international community, has read the compassion of Australia's close countries.

My comments are based on international humanitarian law, he said.

"I will reiterate our great concern for the massive action of Israel on the part," he said.

He added that millions of people who have taken refuge will be a disaster.

...



# Third school year of 2023 end on Friday

*2024-02-15 13:56:27*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/2023-වසරේ-තෙවැනි-පාසල්-වාරය-සිකුරාදා-අවසන්/11-408103)

The third term of government schools and government approved private schools in 2023, the first phase of the first stage of 2024 was commenced on Monday, 2024-024.



# Jaika leader praised Sri Lanka's new economic reforms

*2024-02-15 13:56:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/176442)

A meeting between President Ranil Wickremesinghe and the Chairman of the Japan International Cooperation Organization (JICA), Dr. Tanaka Akihiko, took place at the Presidential Office yesterday afternoon.

Dr. Tanaka Akihiko praised President Ranil Wickremesinghe's commitment to implement economic reforms in Sri Lanka, though new economic reforms are difficult.

President Ranil Wickremesinghe said that the Katunayake Bandaranaike International Airport Extension Project, Light Rail Project and the Central Highway, including the Japanese assistance, have been focused on speeding up the projects that have been launched in the country.

...



# Sri Lanka’s attempt to secure big onions from India fails

*2024-02-15 13:52:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Sri-Lankas-attempt-to-secure-big-onions-from-India-fails/108-277088)

Colombo, Feb 15 (Daily Mirror) - Sri Lanka’s attempt to secure an exemption from India on its ban on big onion exports has not materialized resulting in importers looking to other markets for purchases at higher costs, Daily Mirror learns.

India's ban on the export of onions has driven up prices in countries like Sri Lanka. India, the world’s biggest exporter of onions, banned shipments on December 8, 2023 after domestic prices more than doubled in three months following a drop in production. India has taken the policy decision to contain inflation ahead of the parliamentary elections.

...



# Sri Lanka restructuring unit extends Litro Gas bid deadline

*2024-02-15 13:38:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-restructuring-unit-extends-litro-gas-bid-deadline-151036/)

ECONOMYNEXT – The bid deadline for Litro Gas Lanka Limited and Litro Gas Terminal Lanka (Private Limited) has been extended, the State Owned Enterprises Restructuring Unit of Sri Lanka’s Ministry of Finance said.

In January, the Government called for expressions of interest for the state-owned gas company to be submitted by February 16. This has been extended to March 1, 2024, SOERU told prospective bidders.

...



# President invites all parties to collaborate for national development

*2024-02-15 13:24:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97294/president-invites-all-parties-to-collaborate-for-national-development)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe has emphasized the necessity of unity for national development, stating that political divisions hinder progress, the President’s Media Division (PMD) reported.

Furthermore, he has extended an invitation to all parties to collaborate, not for their respective political affiliations, but to enhance the quality of life for the people of the nation, according to the PMD.



# Marriage of the World

*2024-02-15 13:23:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/193417)

On Valentine's Day, a wonderful engagement has been found in a wonderful engagement that a Prime Minister who knows the world.

The wonderful engagement has been engaged by the Australian Prime Minister Anthony Albanese.

At the year 2020, the 60-year-old Australian Prime Minister Anthony Albacee and 45-year-old Jodie Haydon have met the Anthony Albanes and 45-year-old Japan.

Meanwhile, the engagement is his first Australian Prime Minister while in the patriarch of the Prime Minister.

Anthony Albanes and Jodie Haydon have announced that they were engaged in a photography.

...



# Excessive spending calls for killing

*2024-02-15 13:19:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/193416)

A youth who was traveling on a motorcycle in Mahadenuwagama, Kalutara North police Division, was hit by a motorbike.

Our correspondent said that the accident occurred at around 11.30 pm yesterday.

The young man has been killed and he was seriously injured and injured when he was traveling from his home.

The Motorcyclist was unable to control speed.

The deceased has been identified as 25-year-old Gihan Madusanka Lakmal.



# Arrest

*2024-02-15 13:16:12*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/மலையகம்/மேசைகளில்-எழுதிய-விஞ்ஞான-ஆசிரியர்-கைது/76-333259)

The science teacher has been arrested on charges of attempting to abuse 3 students.

The school teacher from the Hatton Educational Zone has been arrested on Thursday (15), the Vattawala police said.

He has been arrested on charges of attempting to rape three students in Grade 10 education, said Santana Kamage, Superintendent of Police at the Vattawala Police Station.

The teacher, who has been serving as a science teacher in the school for nearly 5 years, has sent a number of texts to the three students.

...



# President requests to collaborate

*2024-02-15 13:13:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/193415)

President Ranil Wickremesinghe has said to collaborate to improve the quality of life of the people.

The President stresses that political divisions are a hindrance to the progress of the country, emphasizes the need for national development.

He has said to collaborate to improve the living standards of the people of the nation, not for political affiliations.



# JICA chief and President Ranil discuss economic reforms, investment projects

*2024-02-15 13:12:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97293/jica-chief-and-president-ranil-discuss-economic-reforms-investment-projects)

The President of Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) has commended President Ranil Wickremesinghe’s commitment to the program aimed at implementing economic reforms in Sri Lanka, acknowledging its challenging nature.

Dr. Tanaka Akihiko made these remarks when he called on the Sri Lankan leader on Thursday (Feb.14), according to the President’s Media Division (PMD).

In response, President Wickremesinghe emphasized his focus on ensuring the swift resumption of the investment projects, including the expansion of the Bandaranaike International Airport (BIA) in Katunayake, the Light Rail Transit (LRT), and the central expressway.

...



# Frog at ice cream in Jaffna

*2024-02-15 13:12:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/176440)

An incident took place at the Tondamanaru area in Jaffna.

Thondamanaru Selvachani Murugan Murugan faced the experience of a man who had gone to drink ice cream yesterday (14) at a beverage outlet in the temple environment.



# 35000 kg of beeled seeds

*2024-02-15 13:06:35*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/බීළූණු-බීජ-කිලෝ-එකක්-රුපියල්-35000ක්/11-408102)

Special program to promote the cultivation of the cultivation for large onion cultivation in Matale District has been established by the Central Province Department of Agriculture. It is reported that 2700 farmers are looking to access the cultivation of the plantation. The following harvest technological knowledge, crop cultivation clinics and cultivation training will be provided.

...



# Social representatives met Speaker

*2024-02-15 13:00:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/176433)

The Social Representatives Committee of the LGBTIQ+met Speaker Maita Yapa Abeywardena on Monday (12).

The purpose of the meeting is to urge the Speaker to focus on the amendment to the Criminal Act to recognize LGBTQ+ rights in Sri Lanka, which was submitted to Parliament by Member of Parliament Premnath C. Tholawatta.

In addition, LGBTIQ+ Social Representatives and Speaker of the LGBTIQ+ community in Sri Lanka have long discussed the issues facing the community.

The All Party Youth Organization assisted the meeting with the Speaker of the Speaker of Meet by Nextgensl, which was also present at the event.



# Today's currency exchange rate

*2024-02-15 12:52:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/176438)

The US dollar purchasing price was Rs 308.2195 and the sales price were 318.0679 based on the currency exchange rate released by the Central Bank on Thursday (February 15).



# ADB US$8mn to develop smart agriculture in Sri Lanka Mahaweli

*2024-02-15 12:47:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/adb-us8mn-to-develop-smart-agriculture-in-sri-lanka-mahaweli-151024/)

ECONOMYNEXT – The Asian Development Bank will provide 8 million dollars to develop smart agriculture practices using modern technology in the Mahaweli region agriculture and animal husbandry sectors.

“Younger people in the Mahaweli zones have shown a high tendency to engage in agricultural activities with smart technology. By developing the necessary facilities for this, the income of Mahaweli farmers can be increased by 200 percent,” Minister of Irrigation, Wildlife and Forest Conservation Pavithra Wanniarachchi was quoted as saying in a statement by the Department of Government Information.

...



# Teacher arrested for abusing three students

*2024-02-15 12:38:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/193414)

The school has been arrested on suspicion of three schoolchildren in a Tamil school, which was governed by the Hatton Zonal Education Office.

Our correspondent said that the teacher had served as the teacher of the school for about five years.

It is reported that the teacher had attempted to abuse three students of the school and that they had been embarrassed by their SMS.

Answering those messages, the students have lodged a complaint with the girls' police as he was sitting in the classroom.

The 44-year-old suspect teacher was arrested by the OIC Inspector Chandana Gamage of the Watawala Police.



# Ministry of Education on the new school installment

*2024-02-15 12:35:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/176434)

Accordingly, the third school installment of state and state -approved private schools ends on Friday 16th.

The new school installment for the year 2024 will commence on Monday 19th February.



# Ex-Indonesian general linked to human rights abuses claims victory in presidential election

*2024-02-15 12:28:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97292/ex-indonesian-general-linked-to-human-rights-abuses-claims-victory-in-presidential-election)

A former general linked to past human rights abuses claimed victory Wednesday in Indonesia’s presidential election, a result that would raise questions about the commitment to democratic values in the sprawling island nation that is the world’s third-largest democracy.

Defense Minister Prabowo Subianto, 72, presented himself as an heir to immensely popular sitting President Joko Widodo, whose son was his running mate. Citing unofficial results, Subianto told thousands of supporters in the capital, Jakarta, that his victory was “the victory of all Indonesians.”

...



# Head of Japan International Cooperation Organization met Prime Minister

*2024-02-15 12:28:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/176425)

A meeting between Prime Minister Dinesh Gunawardena and Japan International Cooperation Organization (JICA) Chairman Dr. Tanaka Akihito.



# “Ready to refund the money” Northern Uni Report

*2024-02-15 12:26:57*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/யாழ்ப்பாணம்/பணத்தை-திருப்பி-கொடுக்க-தயார்-NORTHERN-UNI-அறிக்கை/71-333257)

Background singer Hariharan's concert was held on February 9 in Jaffna, Jaffna.

Celebrities including host DD, KPY Bala, playback singer Shweta Mohan and fame were also present at the event.. Tamanna's dance also impressed fans. And Hariharan's songs touched the mind.

More than one lakh people have come to the event that was well behaved. Some of the things that have been entered into the crowd have been interrupted.

...



# Interpol ‘Red Notices’ issued to 42 Sri Lankan criminal suspects hiding overseas

*2024-02-15 12:21:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97291/interpol-red-notices-issued-to-42-sri-lankan-criminal-suspects-hiding-overseas-)

Acting Inspector General of Police (IGP) Deshabandu Tennakoon states that 42 Interpol ‘Red Notices’ have been issued against criminals who have fled the country and are in connection with underworld activities and drug offences.

Joining the event to declare open a new police checkpoint in front of the Colombo National Hospital, Tennakoon expressed that the relevant criminal suspects would be brought back to the island with the assistance of Interpol.

...



# Interpol ‘Red Notices’ issued on 42 Sri Lankan criminal suspects hiding overseas

*2024-02-15 12:21:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97291/interpol-red-notices-issued-on-42-sri-lankan-criminal-suspects-hiding-overseas)

Acting Inspector General of Police (IGP) Deshabandu Tennakoon states that 42 Interpol ‘Red Notices’ have been issued against criminals who have fled the country and are in connection with underworld activities and drug offences.

Joining the event to declare open a new police checkpoint in front of the Colombo National Hospital, Tennakoon expressed that the relevant criminal suspects would be brought back to the island with the assistance of Interpol.

...



# Valentine's name for the cockroach

*2024-02-15 12:18:24*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/விநோத-உலகம்/கரப்பான்பூச்சிக்கு-காதலர்-பெயர்/53-333255)

Valentine's Day is being celebrated around the world on February 14th. On that day, lovers will be giving gifts to express love, traveling or doing what they like both. While this is customary, a park in the United States has issued a new announcement.

The park has come up with a plan to solve the violence on the ex -boyfriend. That is, the name of the former lover can be named Madagascar, a cockroach in the park.

It is said that putting the name of the ex -boyfriend into the cockroach will be an opportunity to expel the violence and emotions on him.

...



# The fees were scored

*2024-02-15 12:15:38*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/மலசலக்கூட-கட்டணம்-சதம்-அடித்தது/175-333254)

Those who visit Colombo from distant areas will finish their work and use the public sewage for emergencies before returning to their homes through public transport.

Travelers say that the public sewage in Pattikottai Pastiyan Mawatha has suddenly increased to 50 rupees.

Public sewes have been constructed through the Sri Lanka Transport Board, which is based on the Sri Lankan Railway Department.

...



# There is no concern for India's expansionism - the JVP leader's comment - the explanation of the reason for India's calling for itself

*2024-02-15 12:13:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/176431)

JVP leader Anura Kumaratisanayake has said that India has called on Sri Lanka because of its concern that it can be used to make India the security of India.

The JVP leader, who said the reason for his invitation to India was, emphasized the JVP's commitment to the national security and global politics.

Anura Kumaradisanayake, who has commented on the reason for India to call its party, said that India may have called on Sri Lanka.

He has accepted that India's invitation to the JVP is a change from traditional activities.

He added that India is concerned about the use of Sri Lanka against India's geopolitical interests.

...



# “JICA” president meets president

*2024-02-15 12:09:20*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/JICA-தலைவர்-ஜனாதிபதியுடன்-சந்திப்பு/175-333253)

Dr. Tanaka Akihiko, Chairman of the Japanese International Cooperation Organization (JICA), met President Ranil Wickremesinghe on Wednesday (14).

During the meeting, Dr. Akihiko thanked President Wickremesinghe's commitment to the economic reform program and acknowledged its challenging character.

Responding to this, President Wickremesinghe emphasized his attention to ensuring that investment projects, including the expansion of BIA, LRT and the central highway, have been rapidly recovering.

During the economic crisis, the President praised Sri Lanka for the continued support of the Japanese government and JICA.

...



# Jaya has again 'loud'

*2024-02-15 12:07:36*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/ජයිකා-ආයතනය-යළිත්-ලංකාවේ-’හයියට’-එයි/11-408101)

JICA, President of the Japan International Cooperation Institute (JICA) says Sri Lanka has continuously support the development and reform agenda of Sri Lanka (JICA).

Prime Minister Dinesh Gunawardena and President of the Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) was held at Temple Trees in Colombo on 14.02.2012.

The Prime Minister thanked the Sri Lanka Assistance Association for decades since the meeting of the Sri Lanka Assistance Association. The Prime Minister requested the JICA to consider rural development, rural roads, small and medium-scale farmers and entrepreneurs to empower them.

...



# The country's back stain

*2024-02-15 12:04:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/193413)

It has been revealed that Kudu Siyaeli's main disciple is known as the "Prime Father '.

The suspect was arrested by the police with 20 milligrams of heroin in the year 2018.

The court rehabilitated him three months from 31st August 2018.

The suspect was later arrested by the police regarding the charges of having a marijuana cigar in 2019.

The "Prime Minister" was seized on December 12, 2019, a fine of Rs. 10,000.

Meanwhile, two persons from the Panadura on January 25, 201, two were shot dead by a motorcycle.

The motorcycle was driven by a man named the suspect, "Prime Minister" was named the 8th of the murder.

...



# No decision to support any candidate - 'chair' did not take the lead

*2024-02-15 12:01:59*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/කිසිම-අපේක්ෂකයෙකුට-සහාය-දෙන්න-තීරණයක්-නෑ---’පුටුවේ’-නායකත්වය-ගත්තෙත්-නෑ/11-408100)

Former Presidential reports say that he has not yet decided to support a candidate and has decided to support the presidential election.

In a statement, she points out that he has not yet decided to seek the leadership of the newly established Civil United Front.



# Firing on a restaurant owner in Cup, Colombo

*2024-02-15 12:00:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/176430)

A man who runs a restaurant in Colombo, Colombo, was shot dead in front of his restaurant on Tuesday night (13).

The white car allegedly used by the suspects to carry out the shooting has been found abandoned in the recent area.

The police media spokesman's office said that the guards were targeted by a manager of a restaurant located on Mondara Road.

A 52 -year -old restaurant owner has been admitted to Colombo National Hospital. It is reported that his right shoulder, neck and leg were shot.

The police media unit said that the shooters were not identified.



# First school term of 2024 to begin next Monday

*2024-02-15 11:59:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97290/first-school-term-of-2024-to-begin-next-monday)

The Ministry of Education has issued a special notice announcing the dates to commence the first term of government and government-approved private schools for 2024.

Accordingly, the first phase of the first term of the 2024 academic year is scheduled to begin next Monday (Feb.19).

The third term of the academic year 2023 will end tomorrow (Feb.16).



# The third term ends

*2024-02-15 11:56:19*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/மூன்றாம்-தவணை-முடிவடைகிறது/175-333252)

The Ministry of Education has announced that the third installment of state and state -approved private schools will end today (14).

Accordingly, the third term for 2023 will be completed tomorrow.



# 2023 ends the third installment

*2024-02-15 11:56:19*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/2023-மூன்றாம்-தவணை-முடிவடைகிறது/175-333252)

The Ministry of Education has announced that the third term of 2023 of state and state -approved private schools will be completed with the Valli (16).

Accordingly, the first installment of 2024 will begin on Monday 19th February.



# A number of records from the giant wishes

*2024-02-15 11:55:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/193412)

Sri Lanka-Afghanistan ODI series yesterday ended yesterday (14), whitewash.

It is no secret that this achievement of Sri Lanka after many years, Sri Lanka was a great relief to Len.

However, the best batting of the wishes of the ODIs was the most talked about.

In addition to an extraordinary, the skills of other batsmen were very great.

However, several records were also new in the final tournament, and several reports were identified.

Wishing was able to become the first and only player of the Pallekele International Cricket Stadium to become the first and only player recorded for Sri Lanka.

...



# Billy for a young man due to high speed

*2024-02-15 11:53:58*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/අධික-වේගය-නිසා-තරුණයකු--මාරයාට-බිලී/11-408099)

The motorcyclist was killed in an accident last night, the motorcyclist was unable to control his motorcycle speed.

The deceased has been identified as a 25 year old GMLakmal, a resident of Uggalbada, Uggalbada, Mahawitharaya. It was revealed that the motorcycle was running out of the Uggaldbada road from the Uggaldboda area from the Uggaldboda area in Kalutara North police division.

The motorcyclist who has been injured in the accident has been admitted to Nagoda Hospital. The OIC of the Traffic Inspector Damith Jayatilleka is conducting further investigations.



# The gift given to the ex -boyfriend on Valentine's Day

*2024-02-15 11:47:13*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/காதலர்-தினத்தில்-முன்னாள்-காதலனுக்கு-காதலி-கொடுத்த-பரிசு/175-333251)

On Valentine's Day, February 14, a woman has been gifted to her ex -love in the south.

Galle police said that the woman called her husband and made her ex -boyfriend naked and cut off both legs.

A young man from Hikkaduwa Kalube has developed a romantic relationship when a young woman from Thottuwa area was studying at Galle Technology College 10 years ago.. They are said to have been in love for some time after graduating from vocational education.

...



# Customs trade unions launch work-to-rule campaign

*2024-02-15 11:46:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97289/customs-trade-unions-launch-work-to-rule-campaign)

The Sri Lanka Customs Trade Union Alliance has decided to launch a work-to-rule campaign starting today (Feb. 15).

This decision has been arrived at over several demands including solutions to their issues such as stalled promotions and discrepancies in wages.

Accordingly, the Customs Trade Union Alliance has vowed to continue their work-to-rule campaign, which was launched at 9.00 a.m. today, until their demands are met.



# Schools third term ends tomorrow

*2024-02-15 11:45:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Schools-third-term-ends-tomorrow/108-277086)

The Education Ministry today announced the end of the third term of government and government approved private schools.

Accordingly, the third term for 2023 is scheduled to end tomorrow (16).

The first phase of the first school term for 2024 will begin on Monday (19 February).



# 10 thousand complaints in 2023 regarding child abuse!

*2024-02-15 11:43:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/176420)

The National Child Protection Authority has received 10 thousand complaints in 2023 regarding child abuse.

Udaya Kumara Amarasinghe, Chairman of the National Child Protection Authority, said in this regard.

From January 1, 2023 to December 31, 9,434 complaints have been received by the National Child Protection Authority.

In particular, 2,242 complaints are related to child abuse. 472 complaints are related to sexual abuse. 404 complaints are related to serious sexual abuse. 51 complaints related to violence on girls. 6 complaints are related to the use of children for pornography.

...



# No presidential candidate from SLPP?

*2024-02-15 11:41:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97288/no-presidential-candidate-from-slpp)

Sri Lanka Podujana Peramuna (SLPP) MP Prasanna Ranatunga says that no candidate from his party will likely vie for presidency in the upcoming election.

Meanwhile, former President Chandrika Bandaranaike Kumaratunga clarified that she has not taken any decision yet to head the leadership board of Podujana Eksath Peramuna.

Issuing a statement, Kumaratunga also pointed out that she has yet to take a decision on supporting a candidate in the upcoming presidential election.

Furthermore, the former president has refuted the media reports published in this regard.



# Maithri, who met Afrrin Akler

*2024-02-15 11:40:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/193410)

Former President Maithripala Sirisena, the Deputy Secretary to the Southern and Central Asian Affairs, has reportedly taken place.

The Sri Lanka Freedom Party (SLFP) has held a long discussion on political conditions and the SLFP has been a successful discussion on the main and bilateral issues.

A number of steps will be implemented within the next few months.

The former President who was engaged in an effective discussion with the Deputy Assistant Secretary of State Department Afrrin Akler expressed his commendation of the generous support of Sri Lanka.

...



# Maithripala met Deputy Assistant Secretary of the US State Department!

*2024-02-15 11:36:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/176426)

A meeting between former President Maithripala Sirisena and Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for South and Central Asian Affairs of the US State Department, Afrin Akhtar, took place yesterday (14) at the US State Department.

A long discussion was held on the political situation of Sri Lanka and the coalition and bilateral issues formed by the Sri Lanka Freedom Party.

Former President Maithripala Sirisena expressed his congratulations to Sri Lanka's support.



# Maithripala Sirisena meets key US official in Washington DC

*2024-02-15 11:34:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Maithripala-Sirisena-meets-key-US-official-in-Washington-DC/108-277085)

USA, Feb 15 (Daily Mirror) Former President Maithripala Sirisena who is on a visit to the United States held talks with US Deputy Assistant Secretary of State at the State Department Afreen Akhter.

The visit took place ahead of a political alliance to be formed by his Sri Lanka Freedom Party prior to the Presidential election.

According to Sirisena's office, matters relating to bilateral affairs were discussed.



# Three hundred cock farms at village level to supply eggs to school children

*2024-02-15 11:33:46*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/පාසල්-දරුවන්ගේ-දිවා-ආහාරයට-බිත්තර-සැපයීමට-ගම්-මට්ටමෙන්-කුකුළ්-ගොවිපොළවල්-තුන්සිය-දෙකක්/11-408098)

The Department of Uva Provincial Department (DM Siriwardena) said that the Department of Uva Provincial Livestock was commenced at the village level to supply eggs to the lunch for children in schools in the Moneragala district.

Facilities will be established in the district with 302 families in the district on the financial provisions of the World Food Organization.

55 chicks will be given to one family.

The necessary financial provisions and equipment will be provided to install a 150 square feet and provides chicken foods free of charge to six months.

...



# Chick farms to supply eggs for school children's lunch

*2024-02-15 11:33:46*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/පාසල්-දරුවන්ගේ-දිවා-ආහාරයට-බිත්තර-සැපයීමට-කුකුළ්-ගොවිපොළවල්/11-408098)

The Department of Uva Provincial Department (DM Siriwardena) said that the Department of Uva Provincial Livestock was commenced at the village level to supply eggs to the lunch for children in schools in the Moneragala district.

Facilities will be established in the district with 302 families in the district on the financial provisions of the World Food Organization.

55 chicks will be given to one family.

The necessary financial provisions and equipment will be provided to install a 150 square feet and provides chicken foods free of charge to six months.

...



# Sri Lanka state minister to arm farmers with air rifles for monkey war

*2024-02-15 11:29:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-state-minister-to-arm-farmers-with-air-rifles-for-monkey-war-151020/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka’s State Minister for Finance Ranjith Siyambalapitiya said he is giving funds for farmers in his district to acquire air rifles to battle torque monkeys.

Moves to export the torque macaques (Macaca sinica) to China met with fierce resistance from animal rights activists who feared they will be eaten.

Minister Siyambalapitiya had said he will not step back from the decision whatever the pressure that is brought to him.

Money has been allocated to farmer organizations in the Kegalle district through his decentralized budget, he said.

...



# A Tribute To Mrs Sriya Malathi Gunasekera, Wife Of Late Comrade Prins Gunasekera

*2024-02-15 11:28:16*

[colombotelegraphcom](https://www.colombotelegraph.com/index.php/a-tribute-to-mrs-sriya-malathi-gunasekera-wife-of-late-comrade-prins-gunasekera/)

...



# Sri Lanka’s Abans hopes to raise 2bn through debenture sale

*2024-02-15 11:25:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lankas-abans-hopes-to-raise-2bn-through-debenture-sale-151013/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka’s Abans Plc, a consumer goods retailer, has said the company is planning to raise up to 2 billion rupees through a debenture sale.

Subject to obtaining all necessary regulatory and shareholder approvals, the company will initially issue ten million rated, unsecured, senior, redeemable debentures of hundred (LKR 100.00) each.

“With the option to issue a further ten million of the said debentures in the event of an oversubscription,” their company secretaries said in a Colombo Stock Exchange filing.

...



# The rectum fee is up to Rs.

*2024-02-15 11:23:26*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/மலசலகூட-கட்டணம்-ரூ-50-ஆக-உயர்வு/175-333249)

Passengers say that the fee charged to the users of the public sewage in Bestian Mawatha has been increased by 50 rupees.

The public transport commission has been constructed by the National Transport Commission on the land belonging to the Sri Lanka Railway Department.

In this regard, the Director of the National Transport Commission said:. Maintenance work has been handed over on the basis of a contract with the external parties.

Based on the occasional complaints from travelers, we have taken appropriate action on the price hike. I am not aware of this price rise, and I am in the process of detecting this. He said.



# Red announcement against 42 people who fled the country!

*2024-02-15 11:15:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/176424)

In response to 42 international red announcements have been issued to the culprits who fled the country for crimes such as underworld and drug trafficking, police chief Deshand Pandu Tennakoon said.

He was speaking at the inauguration of the new police station in front of the Colombo National Hospital.

He said the suspects involved in these red announcements would be brought to Sri Lanka with the help of the International Police.

He also said that the police officer who allegedly helped Harakatta escaped from the Criminal Investigation Department would soon be brought to Sri Lanka.



# Notice of the start of the new school term

*2024-02-15 11:14:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/193409)

The Ministry of Education has issued a statement regarding the new school term.

Accordingly, the third school in government and government approved private schools end on Friday 16th.

The first phase of the new first first first first school is scheduled to begin on Monday, 19th February.



# Customs jumping into the work

*2024-02-15 11:13:36*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/சட்டப்படி-வேலை-போராட்டத்தில்-குதித்த-சுங்கம்/175-333248)

The Customs' Trade Union Federation has decided to engage in a 'legal work' struggle.

The decision of the Customs Workers Union has made this decision on various demands.

It is reported that the union has decided to launch the trade union from 9 am today.



# Increasing divorce cases

*2024-02-15 11:12:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/176415)

Minister of Justice Vijayadasa Rajapakse said that 48,391 divorce cases have been taken up in courts from January 2022 to December 31st.

Meanwhile, 37 and 514 cases of alimony for spouse or children have been taken up for hearing during the period.

He added that this is considered a large sum for a small country like Sri Lanka.



# 25 Sri Lankans to be deported

*2024-02-15 11:07:06*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/நாடு-கடத்தப்படவுள்ள-25-இலங்கையர்கள்/175-333246)

The Maldivian government has decided to deport 186 foreigners, including 25 Sri Lankans accused of illegal activities.

Foreign media reports that a group involved in a visa violation and drug offenses has been deported from the country.

25 Sri Lankans, 83 citizens, 46 Indian citizens and 08 Nepal citizens will be deported.



# Continuing strategy: 656 arrested within 24 hours!

*2024-02-15 11:06:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/176423)

656 people were arrested on suspicion of 24 hours after the end of this morning (15).

535 suspects in connection with drug offenses and 121 suspects in the list of crimes have been arrested.

Of the 535 suspects involved in drug offenses, 16 are on the list of the Police Drug Eradication Bureau and the Special Bureau of Police.

Of the 121 suspects, 121 are reported to have been issued by six opened drug crimes.



# Sri Lanka exporters optimistic over 2024, want political stability and energy: survey

*2024-02-15 11:06:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-exporters-optimistic-over-2024-want-political-stability-and-energy-survey-151015/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka exporters have expressed optimism about the economic and growth prospects for 2024, despite challenges, with service exporters seeing a lack of skilled labour, a survey by the Ceylon Chamber of Commerce has found.

Political stability and consistent energy were identified as key facilitators.

About 53 percent of the respondents to CCC’s Exporter Barometer Survey had expanded their workforce, with 21 percent saying they had “significantly” expanded.

About 26 percent said they had not expanded the workforce and had seen falling demand and worker migration.

...



# Maldives deports 25 Sri Lankans over illegal activities

*2024-02-15 11:04:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97287/maldives-deports-25-sri-lankans-over-illegal-activities)

The Government of Maldives has deported 186 foreign nationals including 25 Sri Lankans accusing them of committing crimes such as visa violations and drug offences.

Among the deportees, the highest number of individuals were from Bangladesh (83), followed by India (43), Sri Lanka (25) and Nepal (08).

However, the date of the deportation of these foreigners is still unknown, as per sources.

...



# 656 arrested in 24 hours

*2024-02-15 11:03:50*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/24-மணித்தியாலங்களில்-656-பேர்-கைது/175-333244)

Police said 656 suspects have been arrested in the last 24 hours in the country.

535 suspects in connection with drug offenses and 121 suspects from the list mentioned in the criminal category have been arrested.

Of the 535 suspects involved in drug offenses, 16 are on the list of the Police Drug Eradication Bureau and the Special Bureau of Police.

Meanwhile, the police have seized 241 grams of heroin, 139 grams of ice, 1 kilogram of cannabis and 1,521 tablets.



# Customs fade

*2024-02-15 11:02:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/193408)

The Customs Trade Union Alliance has decided to come to a professional program of fracting.

The Customs Trade Union Alliance has taken this decision based on several demands.

They say that this trade union action has been decided from 9 am today.



# Following are the first stage of the Anuradhapura North Water Supply Project

*2024-02-15 11:00:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/193407)

The first phase of the North Water Supply Project was given to the public shortly before the President.

The project is being implemented with financial assistance of the Japan International Cooperation Institute (JICA).

Jaya Chiefsi headed by Dr. Tanaka Akokoo was also present at the occasion.



# Air Rifle gun to control "Tok" monkeys in Kegalle

*2024-02-15 10:59:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/176414)

Finance Minister Ranjith Siyambalapitiya has said that the funds will be allocated to the farmers to buy high -quality air rifle guns in order to control the Doki monkeys in Kegalle district.

The threat of monkeys has increased in the country, especially in the Kegalle district. Because of this, even school children are unable to keep the food in their hands.

I have personally intervened to resolve the issue while engaged in repeated discussions with veterinary authorities over the implementation of contraceptive surgery to control the number of monkeys. Whatever the impacts, my resolution has not changed.

...



# The second phase application from today

*2024-02-15 10:57:56*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/இரண்டாம்-கட்ட-விண்ணப்பம்-இன்று-முதல்/175-333242)

Finance Minister Shehan Semasinghe said that steps to accept applications for the second phase of Az Vesuma will be launched from Thursday (15).

The Minister of State has stated that he expects those applications for a month.

The Minister of Finance said, “All those who wish to apply for applications can apply through the online system.. In addition, special divisions in the Divisional Secretariats can be provided.

...



# Minister Ranjith Ranjith from Ranjith to protect cultivation from Riyawan

*2024-02-15 10:55:57*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/රිලවුන්ගෙන්-වගා-ආරක්ෂා-කරන්න-ඇමති-රංජිත්ගෙන්-වායු-රයිෆල/11-408097)

State Minister Ranjith Siyambalapitiya says that steps will be taken to provide air rifles to the farmer organizations in the Kegalle district.

The Minister said that the farmers have faced a major problem due to the damages caused by the Riyalaww.. The air rifles are given from their decentralized fund.



# Red announcements for 42 criminals

*2024-02-15 10:54:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/193406)

Acting IGP Tennakoon says that 42 international red notices have been issued for underworld and drug crimes.

He was speaking at the opening of a new police post in front of the Colombo National Hospital.

He said the suspects were issued to the country with the assistance of the international police in the future.

The acting IGP emphasized that the President of Kudu Swudu Sialita brought to Sri Lanka this morning (15th) is to be questioned and information about the drug racket is to be questioned and obtained information.

...



# Phase 1 of Anuradhapura North Water Supply project declared open

*2024-02-15 10:53:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97286/phase-1-of-anuradhapura-north-water-supply-project-declared-open)

The initial stage of the Anuradhapura North Water Supply project, aimed at delivering clean drinking water to the local population, was declared open on Thursday morning (Feb.15).

President Ranil Wickremesinghe and the President of Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA), Dr. Tanaka Akihito graced the event, at the invitation of Water Supply Minister Jeevan Thondaman.

Through the project, funded by JICA and implemented by the National Water Supply Drainage Board (NWSDB), water supply facilities are constructed in Anuradhapura North where the people depend on unsafe ground water which causes dental fluorosis.

...



# Phase 1 of Anuradhapura North Water Supply project declared open

*2024-02-15 10:53:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97286/phase-1-of-anuradhapura-north-water-supply-project-inaugurated)

The initial stage of the Anuradhapura North Water Supply project, aimed at delivering clean drinking water to the local population, was declared open on Thursday morning (Feb.15).

President Ranil Wickremesinghe and the President of Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA), Dr. Tanaka Akihito graced the event, at the invitation of Minister Jeevan Thondaman.

JICA provided funding to construct water supply facilities in Anuradhapura North where the people depend on unsafe ground water which causes dental fluorosis.

...



# Maldives deported 25 Sri Lankans engaged in illegal activities

*2024-02-15 10:51:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/176421)

The Maldivian government has decided to deport 186 foreigners, including 25 Sri Lankans accused of illegal activities.

Foreign media reports that a group involved in a visa violation and drug offenses has been deported.

In addition to 25 Sri Lankans, there are 83 Bangladeshi citizens, 46 Indian citizens and 8 Nepal citizens to be deported.

However, the date of deportation of foreigners has not yet been announced.



# Toilet fee increase

*2024-02-15 10:49:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/176419)

The toilets at the Basrian Mawatha Private Bus Stand at Pettah, Colombo, have been increased to 50 rupees.

Previously, this public toilet was charged 40 rupees per person to meet the body needs, including urination.

According to the agreement signed with the National Transport Commission last January, the public toilet fee has been increased.



# Badulla district surrounds the Badulla district

*2024-02-15 10:39:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/176418)

Deputy Director of the Badulla Disaster Management Center, EML Udaya Kumara said that the concentration of dust particles has increased in the atmosphere in the Badulla district.

These days, small dust particles in the air that blows from Sri Lanka have come to the home and spread throughout the Badulla district.

It is also said that the dark fog is visible when looking at the distant scene of the mountain system.

According to reports, it is more dense than the dust to be in the normal atmosphere.

...



# Public lavatory facility charges increased to Rs. 50 per person

*2024-02-15 10:34:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Public-lavatory-facility-charges-increased-to-Rs-50-per-person/108-277084)

Colombo, Feb 15 (Daily Mirror) - The fees for utilizing the public restroom facilities at Bastian Mawatha Bus Stand have been raised to Rs. 50 per person.

Previously, the lavatory usage fee was Rs. 20 per person, according to its maintenance personnel.

Subsequent to an agreement with the National Transport Commission office, the charges for lavatory facilities at Bastian Mawatha have been increased.

With the increase in the water tariff, the monthly water bill has increased to Rs. 175,000, and therefore, the lavatory facility charges have also been increased, they said.

Accordingly, the water bill has been increased by Rs. 60,000.

...



# The work of the health trade unions that followed for two days!

*2024-02-15 10:33:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/176417)

The work of the health trade unions that have been continued for the past two days have been completed today (15) at 6.30 am.

The 72 health trade unions have been carrying out trade union action from 6 am on Tuesday, 13th, demanding that the DAT for the doctors DAT.

In this backdrop, the workshop has been abandoned after Health Minister Rames Pathirana announced that the issues of the health trade unions will be discussed next Monday.

It is also worth noting that the Gazette was issued on the orders of President Ranil Wickremesinghe, who declared some of the health related services as essential services.



# Large scale drug dealer arrested with drugs

*2024-02-15 10:20:03*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/මහා-පරිමාණ-මත්ද්‍රව්‍ය-ජාවාරම්කරණයකු-ලක්ෂ-පනහක-මත්ද්‍රව්‍ය-සමඟ-අත්අඩංගුවට/11-408096)

The STF personnel said that a large number of narcotics worth Rs.

The operation was launched following information received by the Special Task Force to the Special Task Force to the Special Task Force of Justice under the operation of the Acting Inspector General of Deshabandu Tennakoon.

A group of officers including the Special Task Intelligence Intelligence Gunasoma has been taken into custody in his possession (dycadailmorofin) or 700 grams of ice..

...



# Man arrested with fifty drug

*2024-02-15 10:20:03*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/ලක්ෂ-පනහක-මත්ද්‍රව්‍ය-සමඟ-පුද්ගලයෙකු-අත්අඩංගුවට/11-408096)

The STF personnel said that a large number of narcotics worth Rs.

The operation was launched following information received by the Special Task Force to the Special Task Force to the Special Task Force of Justice under the operation of the Acting Inspector General of Deshabandu Tennakoon.

A group of officers including the Special Task Intelligence Intelligence Gunasoma has been taken into custody in his possession (dycadailmorofin) or 700 grams of ice..

...



# 19 Divisional Secretariat Divisions of Kandy District at a cost of Rs 1,900 million

*2024-02-15 10:19:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/176412)

The 19 Divisional Secretariat of Kandy District will be developed at a cost of Rs 1,900 million under the Hill Daddy Special Integrated Rural Development Program implemented on the directive of President Ranil Wickremesinghe.

Minister of Urban Development and Housing Prasanna Ranatunga said that this upcountry decades will be implemented, including livelihood and food safety, market development, education, drinking water supply, road development, agriculture and small irrigation, electricity and renewable energy and health.

...



# The Badulla atmosphere is a problem

*2024-02-15 10:05:05*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/බදුල්ල-වායුගෝලයේ-ගැටලුවක්/11-408095)

Small size dust particles (such as the fog) is covered with the health conditions of the Badulla district.15) said.

He said that more than the level of the Kandy-Dust particle concentration of the oarly in Badulla District today (15), he said.

It is said that the elders of breathing, the elderly, and the elderly, and the elders should be cautious, and the oral covering is possible to get rid of this situation by abstaining in the open environment.



# 25 Sri Lankans deported

*2024-02-15 10:05:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/193405)

The Government has decided to deport 186 foreigners including 25 Sri Lankans accused of illegal activities.

Foreign media reports that the visa violations and drug misconductions have been deported.

Among the deported group, 83 Sri Lankans, 83 Sri Lankans, 46 Indian nationals and eight Nepalians.

However, it is reported that a specific date deported has not been published yet.



# Sri Lanka rupee opens at 313.00/30 to the US dollar

*2024-02-15 10:05:00*

[economynextcom](https://economynext.com/sri-lanka-rupee-opens-at-313-00-30-to-the-us-dollar-150997/)

ECONOMYNEXT – Sri Lanka’s rupee opened at 313.00/30 to the US dollar Thursday, from 313.00/10 on Wednesday, dealers said.

Demand for dollars for oil imports is still muted dealers say, despite hydro power generation easing, as Sinopec does not buy dollars in the market.

Bond yields were down. Treasury bill yields fell across maturities at Wednesday’s auction.

A bond maturing on 01.08.2026 was quoted at 10.65/85 percent.

A bond maturing on 15.09.2027 was quoted at 11.40/60 percent from 11.30/45 percent.

A bond maturing on 15.03.2028 was quoted at 11.85/90 percent from 11.80/85 percent.

...



# Nearly 10,000 child abuse complaints received in 2023 - NCPA

*2024-02-15 09:59:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97285/nearly-10000-child-abuse-complaints-received-in-2023-ncpa)

National Child Protection Authority (NCPA) says it has received close to 10,000 complaints regarding child abuse over the course of 2023.

The NCPA chairman, Udayakumara Amarasinghe said as many as 9,434 complaints were received between 01 January and 31 December last year, as opposed to the 7,466 complaints received in 2022.

Among these are, 2,242 complaints related to cruelty, 472 on sexual abuse, 404 on severe sexual abuse, 51 on rape of female children, and 6 on using children for obscene posts, he said.

...



# Ambitious plans underway to make SL a ‘happening’ tourist destination

*2024-02-15 09:55:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Ambitious-plans-underway-to-make-SL-a-happening-tourist-destination/108-277052)

Authorities of Sri Lanka Tourism address the media to share plans to make the island nation more attractive for international visitors

SLTPB set to enter into agreements with a consortium of global brands, both foreign and domestic

Objective is to significantly boost tourism activities, with goal of increasing average daily spend of tourists

Plans afoot to collaborate with European Union to launch a wellness tourism campaign

‘‘We will make it a more happening destination; 2024 is going to be a very positive year”

...



# Ambitious plans underway to make SL a ‘happening’ tourist destination

*2024-02-15 09:55:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/top-story/Ambitious-plans-underway-to-make-SL-a-happening-tourist-destination/155-277052)

Authorities of Sri Lanka Tourism address the media to share plans to make the island nation more attractive for international visitors

SLTPB set to enter into agreements with a consortium of global brands, both foreign and domestic

Objective is to significantly boost tourism activities, with goal of increasing average daily spend of tourists

Plans afoot to collaborate with European Union to launch a wellness tourism campaign

‘‘We will make it a more happening destination; 2024 is going to be a very positive year”

...



# One dead and 21 injured near Super Bowl parade

*2024-02-15 09:51:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/international/One-dead-and-21-injured-near-Super-Bowl-parade/107-277078)

Feb 15, (BBC) - One person has died and 21 people were wounded in a shooting in Missouri at the end of the Kansas City Chiefs' Super Bowl victory parade.

Officials said they treated eight victims who were in immediately life-threatening condition and seven others who had suffered injuries that could prove life-threatening.

Nine children were among the wounded - all are expected to recover.

Police said they have arrested three suspects in connection to the shooting.

...



# Against electricity tariff revision...

*2024-02-15 09:50:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/caption-story/Against-electricity-tariff-revision/110-277082)

The National Front of Civil Organizations (NFCO) today staged a protest in front of the Bandaranaike Memorial International Conference Hall (BMICH) premises to express opposition to the Public Utilities Commission of Sri Lanka (PUCSL), which is set to finalize the collection of public opinions for the upcoming electricity tariff revision. Pix by Kithsiri de Mel



# 656 justice falls into

*2024-02-15 09:48:50*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/යුක්තියට-656ක්-කොටුවෙයි/11-408094)

The 121 suspects including 121 suspects were arrested in the list of drugs carried out by drug rays carried out under the operation carried out.

The 600 g of march, 1521 garments, 73 garn, 1521 guns, 1521 garn, 73 garments, 73 garments, 73, 73 garments, 73 garments, 73 m, 944 g of heroin.

There are also 16 suspects in the list of police narcotics bunker and the Police Special Secretariat.

The suspects are to be detained and investigated on detention orders and three will be referred to rehabilitation centers.

...



# Father and daughter Billy

*2024-02-15 09:43:41*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/පියා-හා-දියණිය-දුම්රියට-බිලි/11-408093)

A father and daughter in a train connected to Savnamylar Kovil on the Chudunamil Police Division was a father and daughter in an accident.

The accident had occurred when the accident had taken place from Jaffna to Kankashan. The father of 32 years died, a 3-year-old girl was receiving treatment at the Jaffna Hospital.



# Rohit assigned leadership responsibility

*2024-02-15 09:39:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/193404)

The Indian Cricket Council (BCC)) has stated that Rohit has been given the responsibility of leading the Indian team for the 2024 T20 World Cup.

Speaking to the media at a function in Rajkot, he has said.

This year, Rohit Sharma, who led the 2022 World Cup, is the responsibility of the time.

The tournament in Australia was defeated before England in the semi-finals.

Thereafter, Rohit Sharma did not participate in T20 competitions, and he has not played a single T20 match in 2023.

But in January 2024, he was convened for the leadership of the T20 T20 tournament with Afghanistan.

...



# The newest of justice

*2024-02-15 09:37:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/193403)

Police have arrested 656 suspects in the 24 hours in the country today (15).



# The Economic Setbacks Of Yahapālanaya Government

*2024-02-15 09:30:05*

[colombotelegraphcom](https://www.colombotelegraph.com/index.php/the-economic-setbacks-of-yahapalanaya-government/)

The Yahapalanaya government, which came into power in Sri Lanka with promises of transparency and good governance, faced significant economic challenges during its tenure. A series of missteps and unfulfilled commitments left a lasting impact on the country’s economic landscape.

One of the notable issues was the delay in the Port City project by a year. This delay not only incurred opportunity costs but also resulted in the relinquishment of additional land to China. The economic implications of this setback were substantial, affecting the potential growth and development of the region.

...



# Sri Lanka was brought from Dubai's close colleague of "Kudu Salindu"!

*2024-02-15 09:29:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/176413)

One of the leaders of the underworld, Salinda Malshika, a 'Kudu Salinda', has been brought to Sri Lanka from Dubai.

Public Security Ministry said that Gudu Salindu's close colleague, Pi and Hastika, were brought from Dubai to the country on Thursday morning.

Investigations have also revealed that it is also a key person who distributes drugs from Dubai to Sri Lanka.



# Chandrika's special announcement on party leadership

*2024-02-15 09:27:45*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/கட்சித்-தலைமை-குறித்து-சந்திரிகா-விசேட-அறிவிப்பு/175-333240)

Former President Chandrika Bandaranaike Kumaratunga has said that no decision has been taken so far on the seizure of the leadership of the PA.

He pointed out in his statement that he has not yet decided to support any candidate in the upcoming presidential election.

Chandrika Bandaranaike said in her announcement that the media reports that they have decided to support various presidential candidates in the presidential election.



# Sri Lanka is a centre of gravity for economic development - JICA President

*2024-02-15 09:27:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97284/sri-lanka-is-a-centre-of-gravity-for-economic-development-jica-president-)

Sri Lanka is a centre of gravity of global economic development, President of Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA), Dr. Tanaka Akihito has said, reiterating that JICA would continuously assist the development and reform agenda of the island nation.

His remark came during a discussion with Sri Lankan Prime Minister Dinesh Gunawardena at the Temple Trees in Colombo on Wednesday (Feb.14), the PM’s Office said in a press release.

...



# Kudu Salindu’s main accomplice ’Piyuma’ arrested in Dubai

*2024-02-15 09:18:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Kudu-Salindus-main-accomplice-Piyuma-arrested-in-Dubai/108-277060)

Colombo, Feb 15 (Daily Mirror) - Piyum Hastika, alias 'Piyuma,' identified as a primary accomplice of the notorious drug trafficker Salidu Malshika, also known as 'Kudu Salidu,' was arrested in Dubai and brought to Sri Lanka this morning.

Police said 'Piyuma' had been overseeing a drug network from Dubai. A specialized team from the Criminal Investigation Department (CID) arrested him in Dubai and brought him back to Sri Lanka for further interrogation.



# Kudu Wasu seized from Dubai

*2024-02-15 09:11:19*

[adalk](https://www.ada.lk/breaking_news/කුඩු-සළිඳුගේ-ප්‍රධානම-ගෝලයා-ඩුබායිහිදී-අල්ලයි/11-408092)

A group of criminal inquiries called the main criminal inquiry, a group of criminal inquiry into other criminal criminal group, who is currently in custody in custody.Have been taken.

A higher officer of the Ministry of Defense said that the drug was taken from Dubai for heroi.

He was 4:30 am to 4 am to 4 am, from Dubai to SriLankan Airlines. The airplane was taken to the Katunayake airport.

The Mullay member was taken to the Colombo Criminal Investigation Department Headquarters in the Katunayake airport criminal investigation into the premises of the Katunayake airport.



# Dispute for a desk table concludes with a beaten

*2024-02-15 09:01:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/193402)

Investigation into two persons who had been assaulted by a descendant of a table in school have begun an investigation into the arrest of two persons who were assaulted by a schoolgirl.

The attack was held on the evening yesterday (14) in Melsiripura, Malziripura.

The attack is a 15 year old student, a resident of Viharagama in Vijegama.

He has been enjoying the 11th year of Ridigama and Ukumida Maha Vidyalaya.

The school student has told the police that two arrival of two separate heads of motorcycle when he ended and returning home in the school yesterday.

...



# We have signed a deal with Sajith with the aim of raising the quality of life of the plantation people - Velusamy Radhakrishnan

*2024-02-15 09:01:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/176411)

Deputy Leader of the Tamil Progressive Alliance, Dr. Velusamy Radhakrishnan said that the agreement has been signed with the United People's Alliance led by Opposition Leader Sajith Premadasa in our intention of upgrading the quality of life of the plantation.

He further stated that the contract was held at the United People's Power Headquarters on Wednesday (14).

Opposition Leader Sajith Premadasa has been signed by this Memorandum of Understanding on the lives and expectations of plantation workers.

...



# Russia is close to creating cancer vaccines, says Putin

*2024-02-15 08:58:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97283/russia-is-close-to-creating-cancer-vaccines-says-putin)

President Vladimir Putin said on Wednesday that Russian scientists were close to creating vaccines for cancer that could soon be available to patients.

Putin said in televised comments that “we have come very close to the creation of so-called cancer vaccines and immunomodulatory drugs of a new generation”.

“I hope that soon they will be effectively used as methods of individual therapy,” he added, speaking at a Moscow forum on future technologies.

Putin did not specify which types of cancer the proposed vaccines would target, nor how.

...



# Applications for second phase of ‘Aswesuma’ accepted from today

*2024-02-15 08:45:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97282/applications-for-second-phase-of-aswesuma-accepted-from-today)

Accepting applications for the second phase of ‘Aswesuma’ welfare benefits program commences today (Feb.15) to select 400,000 more beneficiaries.

Finance State Minister Shehan Semasinghe said the applications can be submitted online or through the Divisional Secretariats for a period of one month.

Speaking to Ada Derana, the lawmaker said the government intends to increase the total number of ‘Aswesuma’ beneficiaries, which now stands close to 2 million, to as many as 2.4 million people.

The government expects to spend Rs. 205 billion on the provision of welfare this year, he added.

...



# New school term of 2025 will begin in January as usual

*2024-02-15 08:37:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/New-school-term-of-2025-will-begin-in-January-as-usual/108-277058)

Colombo, Feb 15 (Daily Mirror) - All measures have been taken to start the new school term of 2025 at the beginning of January as usual, and the A/L examination relating to this year will be held before 2025, Education Minister Susil Premajayantha said.

During a national event held yesterday at St. Anthony's Balika Maha Vidyalaya, where textbooks and school uniform materials were distributed among schoolchildren, the minister said that the A/L examination, originally scheduled for the previous year, had been postponed by five weeks. Subsequently, the examination took place in January 2024.

...



# Air rifles to manage toque monkey population in Kegalle

*2024-02-15 08:29:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Air-rifles-to-manage-toque-monkey-population-in-Kegalle/108-277057)

Kegalle, Feb 15 (Daily Mirror) - Finance State Minister Ranjith Siambalapitiya said funds will be allocated for the procurement of high-quality air rifles for farmers' organizations in the Kegalle district for the purpose of managing the toque monkey population.

The Minister told the media that his decision remains unchanged despite any potential impacts. He said that decentralized funds will be allocated for the procurement of air rifles for farmers' organizations.

...



# Man dies and killed

*2024-02-15 07:57:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/193401)

A person has been killed when a shot in the Mullaitivu police Division in the Mullaitivu Police Division in the Mullaitivu police division.

The deceased, with his Son and three other people, was collecting honey in a platewater in the Teslewa.

There he fell into a firearm where they had been taken to a firearm in the plane.

He was injured in the victim of the lawn shot and he was injured in hospitalization.



# Arrest

*2024-02-15 07:51:59*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/குடு-சலிந்து-வின்-சகா-கைது/175-333238)

One of the leaders of the underworld groups has been brought to Sri Lanka, a chief of Salinda Malshika, a 'Kudu Salinda'.

It is reported that the main colleague of Kudu Salindu, Bi and the Hastika Criminal Investigation Department, were brought to Sri Lanka from Dubai this morning (15).



# “There is no place to postpone the presidential election”

*2024-02-15 07:43:51*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/ஜனாதிபதி-தேர்தலை-ஒத்திவைக்க-இடமில்லை/175-333237)

Former President Chandrika Bandaranaike Kumaratunga told the media yesterday that there is no place in the constitution to postpone the presidential election.

In response to a question raised by journalists after an event in Colombo yesterday evening, Mrs. Kumaratunga said this.

However, he refused to explain the question raised by journalists on the recent pledge of the President's Office that the presidential election would be held despite the speculation that the executive presidency would be abolished.

“I can say that the presidential election cannot be postponed,” he added.



# Re -appointment of Professor Jayantha Jayawardena

*2024-02-15 07:37:20*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/பேராசிரியர்-ஜயந்த-ஜயவர்தன-மீள்-நியமனம்/175-333236)

Former Health Minister Keheliya Rambukwella, a former member of the Sri Lanka Medical Council (SLMC), has been re -elected as a member of the SLMC.

Accordingly, the tenure for the re -appointed member is valid for five years except if he voluntarily resigned or abolished the Emergency Act.

Professor Jayawardena thanked him for his re -employment and highlighted the illegal and spontaneous nature of his previous dismissal and was sworn in yesterday (14).

Professor Jayawardene was removed from the post of SLMC vice president last October without a reasonable reason.

...



# In the city of Kansas, USA;22 killed in a large number of people

*2024-02-15 07:37:00*

[virakesarilk](https://www.virakesari.lk/article/176410)

One person was killed and 21 injured in a shooting incident in Kansas, USA.

The firing incident took place at the end of the Super Bevl Success in Kansas.

The event, which was expected to attend more than the Ansilion, was eventually attempting to flee in fear of the event.

22 people were injured following the shooting incident.



# Today's weather conditions

*2024-02-15 07:28:12*

[tamilmirrorlk](https://www.tamilmirror.lk/செய்திகள்/இன்றைய-வானிலை-நிலவரங்கள்/175-333235)

The Department of Meteorology has noted that rainfall will occur in the Eastern and Uva provinces as well as Hambantota, Polonnaruwa, Matale and Nuwaralia districts.

Showers or thunderstorms are likely to occur after two o'clock in the afternoon.

Heavy winds can be frequent at speeds of 30 - 40 km / h in the Eastern Stoets of the Central Highlands, the North, Eastern, North, North Western and Uva provinces as well as in the Hambantota district.

The public is asked to act with vigilance in the events of strong winds and lightning.

...



# Chandrika a special announcement of party leadership

*2024-02-15 07:21:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/193400)

Former President Chandrika Bandaranaike Kumaratunga says that no decision has been taken to take over the leadership of the Leadership Council of the National Leadership Council.

In a statement, she pointed out that no candidate has yet to support any candidate for the next presidential election.

Chandrika Bandaranaike Kumarannatunga has been instructed by his statement that the members of the media has decided to support various presidential election.

Following is the full announcement issued by Chandrika Bandaranaike Kumaranattenda.

Meanwhile, MP Emmitias Bakeher Makar said that the government should hold elections on the due date.

...



# Pathirana reverts Keheliya’s decision

*2024-02-15 07:11:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/top-story/Pathirana-reverts-Keheliyas-decision/155-277055)

Colombo, Feb 15 (Daily Mirror) - Prof. Jayantha Jayawardana, a former member of the Sri Lanka Medical Council (SLMC) has been reinstated as an SLMC member after being removed by former Minister of Health Keheliya Rambukwella without due cause.

The reappointment has been made by Minister of Health Dr. Ramesh Pathirana.

Accordingly, the term of office for the reappointed member, is set for five years, unless voluntarily resigned or removed as per the ordinance.

...



# Pathirana reverts Keheliya’s decision

*2024-02-15 07:11:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Pathirana-reverts-Keheliyas-decision/108-277055)

Colombo, Feb 15 (Daily Mirror) - Prof. Jayantha Jayawardana, a former member of the Sri Lanka Medical Council (SLMC) has been reinstated as an SLMC member after being removed by former Minister of Health Keheliya Rambukwella without due cause.

The reappointment has been made by Minister of Health Dr. Ramesh Pathirana.

Accordingly, the term of office for the reappointed member, is set for five years, unless voluntarily resigned or removed as per the ordinance.

...



# State Minister solution to Kegalle trouble

*2024-02-15 07:10:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/193399)

State Minister Ranjith Siyambalapitiya says that steps will be taken to provide air rifles from its decentralized fund from the Kegalle district to reduce the damage to Rhilavan's farming.

He says that due to the harm caused by Rilaron, he is dushed to maintain its cultivation.

He was speaking to the media in the Kegalle area.



# Towards the second stage of accepting applications from today

*2024-02-15 07:05:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/193398)

State Minister Shehan Semasinghe says that the acceptance of applications for the second phase of the revenue will commence today (15).

The applications are expected to be accepted for a month, the State Minister said.

State Minister Shehan Semasinghe said that he was responding to 'Ada Derana that it would be given to the Ada Derana that the 2 million families will be reformed under the second phase.

The State Minister also explained:

...



# 10,000 complaints related to child abuse

*2024-02-15 06:55:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/193397)

Nearly 10,000 complaints have been received by the National Child Protection Authority regarding child abuse incidents.

The Chairman of the Senior Lecturer, Udaya Kumara Amarasinghe, said that 9,434 complaints have been received from January 1 to December 31, last year.

Of the 2,242 complaints of sexual abuse of children, 64 complaints of sexual abuse, 64 complaints of sexual abuse, 61 complaints of raping of girls and children were taken to the use of children.

...



# Man shot dead in US

*2024-02-15 06:43:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/193396)

A person was killed in a shooting in Kansas in Kansas, USA.

Foreign media reports that the shooting of a Super Bowl parade in that city has taken place.

However, no organization has been taken responsible for the attack.



# One dead, children among 21 injured in Super Bowl parade shooting

*2024-02-15 06:43:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97281/one-dead-children-among-21-injured-in-super-bowl-parade-shooting)

One person was killed and multiple children were among 21 injured after a mass shooting at the Kansas City Chiefs’ Super Bowl victory rally on Wednesday triggered panic among huge crowds of fans.

Children’s Mercy Hospital in Kansas City, which takes patients up to the age of 17, said it was treating 12 people -- 11 of them children, nine for gunshot wounds -- after the shooting, which unfolded just moments after Chiefs players had addressed a vast crowd of cheering supporters gathered nearby.

...



# Kudu Seygoda's main goal is brought to Sri Lanka

*2024-02-15 06:31:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/193394)

Underworld leader Squady Wildlife Squady has been brought to Sri Lanka Sri Lanka.

It is reported that a special team of the Criminal Investigation Department (CID) was brought to Sri Lanka from Dubai this morning (15).



# Underworld figure ‘Piyuma’ brought to Sri Lanka from Dubai

*2024-02-15 06:19:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97280/underworld-figure-piyuma-brought-to-sri-lanka-from-dubai)

Piyum Hasthika alias ‘Piyuma’, the main accomplice of underworld figure Salindu Malshika alias ‘Kudu Salindu’, has been brought to Sri Lanka from Dubai early this morning (15) by a special CID team, according to  Minister of Public Security Tiran Alles.



# Showers in several areas

*2024-02-15 06:18:00*

[adaderanasinhalalk](http://sinhala.adaderana.lk/news/193393)

Several spells of showers in Polonnaruwa, Matale, Nuwara Eliya and Hambantota districts, East and Uva provinces.

At the Galle and Matara Districts in the Western, Sabaragamuwa and North Western Provinces. The Department of Meteorology announced that showers could occur at several places shortly after 2.

Northern, North-Central, North Western, Uva and Eastern Provinces. Strong winds can occur at about 30-40 times.

The Department of Meteorology has requested the public to take steps to reduce temporary winds and lightning accidents with thunderstorms.



# Main accomplice of “Kudu Salindu” repatriated from Dubai

*2024-02-15 06:15:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97279/main-accomplice-of-kudu-salindu-repatriated-from-dubai)

Criminal gang member Piyum Hasthika alias “Piyuma”, who was in hiding in Dubai, UAE, was repatriated to Sri Lanka in the early hours of Thursday (Feb.15).

He is reportedly the main accomplice of the notorious underworld figure and drug trafficker Salindu Malshika Gunaratne alias “Kudu Salindu,” who is also currently in the custody of the CID.

According to the Public Security Ministry, “Piyuma” was brought back to the island by a special team of the Criminal Investigation Department (CID).

...



# Main accomplice of “Kudu Salindu” repatriated to Sri Lanka

*2024-02-15 06:15:00*

[adaderanalk](https://www.adaderana.lk/news/97279/main-accomplice-of-kudu-salindu-repatriated-to-sri-lanka)

Criminal gang member Piyum Hasthika alias “Piyuma”, who was in hiding in Dubai, has been repatriated to Sri Lanka in the early hours of Thursday (Feb.15).

A special team of the Criminal Investigation Department (CID) had brought “Piyuma” back to the island, the Public Security Ministry said.

He is reportedly the main accomplice of the notorious underworld figure Salindu Malshika alias “Kudu Salindu”.



# Constitutional Council’s decision to reject President’s nomination challenged in SC

*2024-02-15 05:07:00*

[dailymirrorlk](https://www.dailymirror.lk/breaking-news/Constitutional-Councils-decision-to-reject-Presidents-nomination-challenged-in-SC/108-277054)

Colombo, FEb 15 (Daily Mirror) - A Fundamental Rights petition has been filed in the Supreme Court seeking an order directing the Constitutional Council to approve the recommendation made by the President to appoint incumbent President of the Court of Appeal Nissanka Bandula Karunaratne as a Supreme Court judge.

...



# Is Sri Lanka part of India?: 'Harin should be sacked from the ministerial'

*2024-02-15 04:21:38*

[bbccomsinhala](https://www.bbc.com/sinhala/articles/c72gnjggyzro)

A well-being of Sri Lanka is part of the Minister of Cabinet, Harin Fernando, a business and entrepreneurship in Mumbai, is in a business and entrepreneur.

"Fuel Tanks Are Taken by the indian companies. Our solar power energies Provided by the indian companies. This is One Reaaseons I Think The Indian Exterional Affeel Affairs Secretary (IF TRAVELING SOMEWHEE, TECAUS Sri Lanka, Actually. "

"Oil tanks from Indian companies. Indian companies provider our solar energy. I think, that is why the Indian Foreign Secretary said that if you travel somewhere, to visit Sri Lanka, and Sri Lanka is a part of India. "

...

